Table of Contents


Content (click on the title to redirect to the page)
	Genre
	Escape from Nagazora
* Book 1: Eve of War
* Book 2: Lightning Awakened
* Book 3: Wrath of Baal
	Manga
	Interlude (links EfN to St freya)
* Book 1:
* Book 2:
	Manga
	St. Freya High
* Book 1:
* Book 2:
* Book 3:
	Manga
	Elan Palatinus
* Book 00: History
* Book 1: Indulgence
* Book 2: Their Meeting
* Book 3: A Warning
* Book 4: Disguises
* Book 5: Loyalties
* Book 6: Catacombs
* Book 7: Exposed
* Book 8: Nightmare
Book 9: Conflict
* Book 10: Her Decision
* Book 11: Duel of Valkyries
* Book 12: Kaslana Oath
* Book 13: His Reply - END
	Manga
	Sakura Arc (Semi-canon)
	Manga
	Sakura Remembrance/Gratitude arc
	Manga
	Sakura Samsara Open World
	In-game
	Anti-Entropy VN
	VN
	Chronicles: Everlasting memory
	In-game
	Chronicles: Chapter Xuanyuan
	In-game
	Chronicles: Chapter Chiyou
	In-game
	AE Invasion
	Manga
	Game chapter 1: Dusk, Girls, Battleship
Act 1: Moon Chaser
Act 2: Shattering Thunder
Act 3: Above the Throne
	In-game
	Game chapter 2: 
	In-game
	

	

	

	

	

	

	

	

	

	

	Enemy Archives
   * Biologic
   * Psychic
   * Mecha
   * Quantum
   * Imaginary
   * Special
   * APHO
	In-game
	



Some notes before you start…
Transcribing and rough translation by Kiameimon#6718
Supervised by ultra#1029, petasyou#0520, Carvalho#4014 and chibipiyo#3939
This is a transcription of all of HI3 lore that has been checked with the CN version, as the EN TL may be inaccurate/misleading at times. Some of the EN localisation are still used where appropriate
This Doc follows the reading order in the HI3 lore chat pins.
Words in dark gray are short descriptions of visual cues (if applicable)
Some of the visual cues aren’t written in exact order due to laziness to make the doc more compact
TN=Transcriber’s note
Words that are strikethroughed are incorrectly used by the EN version, either due to localisation/translation, or grammatical errors, while Words in (red brackets) are corrected texts
When searching for a keyword, be sure to type it out elsewhere, then copy and paste the text into the search bar. This helps to reduce lag, trust me.




















________________




Escape from Nagazora (Manga)
Book 01: Eve of War
Central Hong Kong
Himeko, along with a man, stood at the rooftop of a skyscraper, enjoying the view while drinking wine.
Himeko: Oh my goodness, this view is simply fantastic.
Man: But even the most beautiful night view is nothing compared to your ravishing beauty,                 Miss Himeko.
Himeko: You are such a sweet talker.
Man: And you are simply too ravishing.
Just then, the hyperion flew above the skyscraper, beaming glaring lights at Himeko and the man’s position.
Hyperion Aerial Battleship Valkyrie squad 5
Man: Holy crap! What the hell is that!
Himeko: Tsk!
Himeko grabs the man by his necktie, and drags him close to her face. They kiss.
Himeko: Sorry, sugar. I gotta kill this date early.
Himeko then punches the man in the stomach, knocking him out. At the same time, a ramp from the Hyperion unfolds, and soldiers descend uniformly onto the skyscraper
Himeko: Now I’m pissed.
A secretary puts a jacket on Himeko’s back.
Himeko: I thought I told you to never, ever disturb me when I’m on a date!
Secretary: Fooling around with a rich brat is not a date.
Himeko: Grr. You wanna die, girl?
Secretary: Urgent report from HQ: Large scale Honkai eruption in Nagazora.
        The scale is on par with “that” incident 14 years ago.
Himeko, thinking: Honkai eruption?
Himeko: Heheh
        All crew on deck!
        Destination: Nagazora!
        It’s finally here…
        The third Honkai war!


Nagazora
Announcement: As of 10.00 today, all external contacts with the city of Nagazora have been                 severed.
        The United Nations issued a statement confirming a BH virus outbreak in the city.
Kiana, holding dual pistols, dashes across the street, with mei, wielding a rifle, following closely behind. They blast their way past humans who have been corrupted by the Honkai (zombies).
Kiana: If you’re already dead…
        Then get out of the way!
Just then, a Chariot (Honkai beast) appears behind them, crushing the nearby buildings as it squeezes its way through. (TN: Chariots are actually MASSIVE. They are scaled down in the game for gameplay purposes [I mean would u like to fight a normal enemy that’s minimally 4 times your height?]) Mei and Kiana make an instantaneous turn, raise their guns, and open fire. However, the Honkai beast remains unscratched, and counterattacks. Mei and Kiana dodge in the nick of time. 
Mei: Our guns aren’t even scratching that thing!
Kiana: And this monster won’t give up! It’s always after pretty girls like us! What a perv…
Just then, Bronya leaps off a rooftop right above the Chariot
Bronya: Target locked.
Mei and Kiana: Bronya!
Bronya: Project Bunny 19C
Project Bunny 19C materializes in the air, soaring down and striking the Honkai beast with a heavy blow infused with electricity (TN: Ths VFX shows lightning, and effects of a hard hit). Bronya then lands on the ground, unharmed.
Bronya: Mission complete!
Mei: Right in the nick of time, Bronya!
        Thank you!
Kiana: What the Hell?! You can’t just show up with that monster robot!
        You almost got me killed!
        Stupid little brat!
Bronya: End protection routine for subject Kiana. Set subject to be expandible.
Kiana: O you really want a war brat? I’ll show you!
Bronya: The Bronya has a victory chance of 99.9999%.
Kiana: Oh yeah? I got a 100% chance to win!
Mei, thinking: Why are we seeing those monsters here? Is the Honkai concentration still rising?
        How much time do we have left before these monsters start swarming?
Bronya redirects her attention from Kiana to Mei.
Bronya: Injuries detected on Mei.
Mei: Oh, I’m fine! It’s just a scratch.
Kiana: Hey, let me take a look!
Kiana steps towards Mei.
Kiana: For injuries like these…
My tongue is the best remedy.
She then winks, and licks Mei’s cut repeatedly (TN: KIAMEI- Sirius Altieri#0417: stfu and get back on topic you- 
Finee, fineeee…. But still KIAME- *gets smacked*) 
Mei, whispering: Stop! I’m ticklish!
        Kiana, please stop!
        Just stop it!
Bronya charges up Project Bunny, and points at Kiana.
Bronya: Project Bunny 19C.
        Lock on target: subject Kiana
        Mei has given a negative response to Kiana’s action.
        Subject Kiana must let go of Mei, or the Bronya will commence attack protocols.
Kiana: Who said Mei doesn’t like it? Look at her! She loves it!
Mei: Huh?!
Bronya: The Bronya requires Mei to confirm the nature of response.
Mei: Huh?
Kiana: Mei, it felt great, right?
Mei: I…
        I…
        There’s no way I like that kinda stuff! (TN: The denial is strong in this one)
Mei blushes madly, and Kiana gives a look of disappointment.
Bronya: Response confirmed. Subject Kiana is an unhygienic Idiotka.


Time passed, and it was night time. Zombies roam the city, as Kiana, Mei and Bronya seek refuge in one of the abandoned flats, assumingly at the bottom one [in the 2nd book, they are on ground level when attempting to fight and escape the Honkai Beast.] Bronya lies fast asleep on Mei’s lap.
Mei: We can finally take a break…
Kiana: Hmph, liar!
        I knew you liked it!
Kiana continues to sulk about the events earlier during the day. Mei Blushes once again. 
Mei, thinking: She’s still mulling over that…
She looks at mei with a sulky stare.
Kiana: How can Bronya sleep on Mei’s lap? We shouldn’t have picked her up! Not fair not fair                 not fair not fair not fair!!
Mei: That’s not right, Kiana. Without Bronya’s help, we wouldn’t have made it this far.
        Or get a hot bath… Plus, you have the sofa all to yourself…
Kiana: Yeah yeah… Bronya is SoOOoo incredible! *rolls eyes*
        Of course Mei loves her the most! And leaves me by the side…
Mei: Yep, I love her best!
Kiana: What…?! *pouts, face swells with extreme jealousy*
Mei: But I love Kiana too!
Kiana: Oh really?
Kiana moves even closer to Mei
Mei: Of course! You are the one who saved my life, Kiana!
Kiana: That’s right! 
Kiana and Mei grin ear to ear.
Mei: Don’t you think it’s amazing…
        … We’ve only just met… (TN: this was retconned, as proven by Theatre of Thunder. Watch ToT or I’ll kil- Anyways back on topic-)
        Yet it feels as though we’ve known each other for a long time…
        Hopefully we can leave this place safely…
Kiana: Of course we can!
        And that’s because I’ll give my life to protect you, Mei!
Mei: Kiana…
Just then, a Honkai Beast smashes its sword-like weapon through the buildings, crumbling them and sending debris flying all over the place… (TN: ARE YOU KIDDING ME THAT STUPID BEAST DISRUPTED MEI AND KIANA FROM- *ahem anyways* The Honkai Beast resembles a Templar, but lacks its shield. Instead, there’s a huge-ass blade in its place.
Another note: As explained with the Chariot, this Honkai Beast is massive; it's taller than a 6-storey building (approx 20m)...
Last note: When I use the word “Weapon”, not that it isn’t an actual weapon, but a part of the Honkai Beast’s body which is used to attack. I use that word to make it easier for readers to understand what I’m referring to. Quite frankly, I’d say that this Honkai Beast’s “weapons” *are* it’s arms… its right “arm” would be the lance, while the left one would be the sword.)




Book 02: Lightning Awakened
Kiana, Mei and Bronya get up and immediately dodge for cover. The Honkai Beast, having spotted them [its eyes were deliberately shown to glimmer when it spotted them, so I’d assume so], withdraws its sword, and readies its other arm/weapon lance (see above TN) readying a second strike. Bronya, using Project Bunny, defends the attack by having Project Bunny transform its left arm into a sharp object [similar to a lance too], and colliding it with the tip of the Honkai Beast’s weapon.)
Bronya: Project Bunny: Activate!
However, the Honkai beast strikes Project Bunny with its sword, throwing Project Bunny, along with Bronya, back with a huge force, crashing through several buildings.
Mei: Bronya!
Mei turns to the direction where Bronya and Project Bunny were hurled to in worry. The Honkai Beast takes this to its advantage, and swings its sword towards mei, catching her off-guard…
Kiana: If you keep thinking about Bronya…
Kiana dashes forward, shoving Mei aside, but puts herself within the sword’s range…
Kiana: …Kiana might get real jealous, Mei!
SLASH. The Honkai Beast’s aim was true. A deep incision appeared on Kiana’s back, diagonally stretching from her left shoulder to her right hip. Blood gushed out of it like a water fountain, staining her shirt, and spewing onto mei’s body. Mei falls to the ground with Kiana leaning on her body, unconscious. The Honkai Beast prepares to land the finishing blow, but Mei was left lying on the spot in shock, eyes vivid with fear.
Mei: Ki…
        Kiana…
With Mei’s emotions overwhelming her, her eyes widen as she hugs Kiana, with her hands over her wound, making a futile attempt at stopping her blood loss. Beads of tears streamed down uncontrollably from Mei's eyes, and onto Kiana’s unconscious body. Unable to control herself no more, she lets out a scream in anguish. The 3rd Herrsccher’s persona takes over. (TN: The official term used is <Herrscher of Thunder>, so I’ll be using that.) Also, Herrscher persona is, as far as I recall [will update as I go along] is a fan-made term.)
Mei: AH–AHH-AHH!
A devastating explosion occurs, staggering the Honkai Beast. It attempts to retaliate, only to be blocked by a barrier. Herrscher of Thunder releases yet another round of lightning, staggering the Honkai beast further. She holds Kiana firmly within her arms. Her left arm turned to a different color (TN: can’t tell because of the DARN GREYSCALE ARGHHHH), and stripes began appearing on it. It resembles Himeko’s body in the final lesson animation, just that… It wasn’t as severe, no duh. The Herrscher of Thunder Stigma appeared at her left hip. Herrscher of Thunder Lifts Kiana up along with her as she rises to the sky, as the Herrscher of Thunder Stigma forms behind her back. It shattered and reassembled into a left wing. (TN: Goddamnit, it looks SICK. It’s also used in HG2, fyi) Lightning forms all over the area, while thunder roared and cackled. Herrscher of Thunder Forms an orb of (what seems to be) lightning above the Honkai Beast.
Herrscher of Thunder: The queen does not accept your service, worm!
Herrscher of Thunder then proceeds to slam the orb straight into the Honkai Beast’s head, instantly melting, and then vaporizing its body (TN: OMGGGG SICK AF BROOOOO). This follows with a gigantic outburst, causing lightning to pillar all the way to the sky. The nearby Honkai Beasts begin to make their way towards the pillar. The manga panels then redirect to the Hyperion, which is seen approaching the pillar.
(Himeko’s) Secretary: Honkai Energy spike up ahead!
        Honkai Energy level rapidly rising!
        All Honkai beasts in Nagazora are moving towards the energy spike.
Himeko gives off a look of uneasiness, but replaces it with a determined grin.
Himeko: Hmph, looks like we hit the jackpot this time.
Secretary: There is still time to retreat, Major!
Himeko: Nonsense!
        I will not let go of a prey I’ve set my eyes on.
        Level 1 alert! All crew to battle stations! The war has begun!








Book 03: Wrath of Baal
Numerous Honkai Beasts have begun to gather at Herrscher of Thunder’s location. (yes, the lightning pillar has subsided) Herrscher of Thunder Ignores them and focuses her attention on Kiana.
Herrscher of Thunder: What a mess, Getting injured trying to save that coward (Human Mei)
        Kiana!
You better wake up right now, I will not allow you to die like this.
        I’m the only one who can take away your life.
Just then, the Hyperion arrives at the scene, hovering directly above Herrscher of Thunder.
Himeko observes her.
Himeko: So that’s the Herrscher? A girl? Really?
        I thought it’d be scarier, with death rays, octo legs, slimy tentacles, super long tongues or something…
Secretary: Major, you do have some sick fantasies with this Honkai…
Himeko: Yeah, because some idiot messed up my date!
Himeko takes a step forward, raises her hand, and orders:
Himeko: Full broadside! Hit it with everything we got! Light her up like a christmas tree!
Canons and guns immediately pop up all over the Hyperion, directed towards Herrscher of Thunder.
Herrscher of Thunder: Insect!
        No one is allowed to be above the queen!
Herrscher of Thunder causes a massive spherical detonation with lightning, turning all buildings, as well as Honkai Beasts which gathered, into rubble.
Himeko: Quick! Maximum power to the shields!
Herrscher of Thunder: Die.
Herrscher of Thunder struck again, blowing a hole inside the hyperion.


Schicksal
Far East Branch Assembly Hall






















________________


Elan Palatinus (Manga)
Book 00: History
The panels switch between Otto running across a battlefield, and materials rain down from the sky onto a city, similar to a meteor.
Otto, narrating: Since a long time ago, my family has been fighting a special type of enemy.
        An enemy with the power to eliminate mankind.
        We call it the Honkai.
        My father once told me…
        That Honkai will eventually become powerful enough to destroy the human race.
        But was he telling me the truth?
Otto: I must find her!
Otto, narrating: I don’t think Honkai is our greatest enemy.
        That Accolade goes to humanity itself.
        We have waged war against each other since the beginning of history.


Anno Domini 1470
The Schicksal overseer makes a speech in front of a church to a crowd of spectators
Narrator:  Schicksal stood as the largest anti-honkai entity in the world.
        Due to the spread of the Honkai after the fall of the Roman Empire…
…Schicksal was able to spread its influence by “offering protection” to various European kingdoms.
The church became involved in every aspect of life and politics.
Immense power and authority gradually changed the overseer of Schicksal.
The one glorious mission of defending humanity was subverted by ambition and greed.
The panels display the Schicksal overseer, along with a pair of assistants, plotting something on a world map.
The great houses of Schicksal shifted their attention towards the East to bring more lands under their dominion.
A great Eastern crusade was set in motion…
The military orders of Schicksal and the European princes and knights were eager for                 war.
The panel displays Schicksal knights in their armor, wielding long, white lances with purple stripes.
They were swelled by their past victories, their martial prowess, and terrifying weapons that could even defeat Honkai beasts.
The crusaders thought that none could withstand the forces of Europe.
Then they encountered the armies of the Ming that hailed from the lands of Shenzhou.
Bloody battles were fought but neither side backed down.


Anno Domini 1475
Narrator:  After years of fruitless campaigning, the Schicksal crusaders finally forced the
main Ming army to do battle at the Kipchak Steppe.
The Ming and Schicksal forces stand opposing each other, both sides holding flags and weapons, preparing for battle.
Initially, the armies were evenly matched.
But Schicksal soon deployed Honkai weapons developed in secret by the church.
The “forbidden weapons” made the crusaders immensely powerful.
They didn’t care if using the weapons led to lethal Honkai infections.
The Ming army faced annihilation. Victory was within the grasp of Schicksal.
Then she entered the field of battle.
Hua enters the battlefield, eliminating the Schicksal knights with ease. (TN: damn that’s a lotta feather VFX they added for the birb)
Nobody knew her real name. The Ming soldiers of Shenzhou respectfully addressed her as the “Immortal Celestial”.
In their legends, the Immortal was the sole defender of Shenzhou…
… A warrior deity who kept the Honkai at bay for eons.
The crusaders scoffed at these tales and swore to put an end to that myth.
But they found that even Honkai-powered weapons could not touch her.
Desperate to stop the Immortal, Schicksal decided to counter her with their own legend…


Kallen Kaslana
Kallen, wielding the Oath of Judah, attacks Hua.
Narrator:  Paladin legend and the most powerful warrior of Schicksal’s Order of Valkyries.
        Kallen questioned the reasons for launching the Eastern crusade…
        But she obeyed her orders and fought for Schicksal as the captain of the valkyries.
        To ensure victory, Schicksal also fielded its final triumph card.
Oath of Judah, A Divine Key that only can be wielded by Kallen.
Defeating the Immortal would shatter the morale of the Ming army and achieve total victory.
But it was only wishful thinking.
Using Fengshuang Down (TN: Once again a lotta feather VFX, which usually indicates birb using FHD), Hua got close up to Kallen, taking her down without a sweat. Kallen falls to her knees.
Schicksal placed all its hopes on Kallen. But the paladin failed to defeat the Immortal.
        The sight of Kallen brought to her knees crushed the spirit of the crusaders.
        The battle of Kipchak Steppe ended with the total defeat of Schicksal.


Hua: Your Divine Key was forged to protect and defend the human race. 
        Tell me, key wielder, what is it that you fight to protect?
        Those who do not protect…
        Shall never realize its true powers


Narrator: The immortal spoke for the first time to the vanquished Kallen.
        Her tone carried neither malice nor hatred, yet it cut like a knife in Kallen’s heart.
Otto, narrating: And that was when I arrived at the Steppes…
        There was only one thing on my mind when I saw Kallen on her knees…
        I will protect Kallen…
        Even at the cost of my own life.
Otto wedges himself between Kallen and Hua, spreading his body out like a human shield.
Hua: Farewell, key wielder, let this battle be a lesson for you.
        Think well and hard about what you ought to defend.
Hua turns around, and leaves.
Otto, narrating: After the defeat at the Kipchak Steppe, the Schicksal crusaders began their                lengthy retreat home to Europe.
        I was the one who carried Kallen away from the battlefield.
        We then made our way home to the Schicksal capital of Vienna.
        The cruel joke that fate had in store for us was about to begin.


Book 01: Indulgence
Narrator: The defeated crusaders returned to Europe. To pay for the losses, Schicksal began        unrestricted sales of “indulgences” in its dioceses that absolved buyers of their mortal sins.
Many knew that the sales of indulgences was just an additional tax. The people of the Western Europe began to resent the church of Schicksal.


Anno Domini 1476
        Western Europe
Otto and Kallen stroll down a street.
Kallen: Woah!
Kallen bumps into a young boy, causing him to drop the apples in his hands.
Kallen: I’m so sorry, boy.
        Are you hurd? Here are your apples.
The boy looks up
Boy: I’m alright, good lady, I’m…
        Woah! You… You’re from the church!
The boy gets up and sprints away hurriedly.
Boy: Please don’t arrest me! You can keep those apples!
Passerby A: Did you see that boy running away in fear?
Passerby B: Poor little thing.
Passerby C: She did that just for a few apples…
Passerby D: How mean….
Kallen: I… I must find the boy and return the apples to him.
        Hngh…
Kallen attempted to sprint, but tripped. Otto caught her in the nick of time.
Otto: Kallen! Are you alright?
        Your wounds have not fully healed yet.
Kallen points at the Schicksal crest on her uniform;
Kallen: What happened? Why do they fear the people of the church so much?
Otto: Well, I guess the forced sales of “indulgence” by Schicksal is to blame for this hostility.
Narrator: Church tenets say that every human bears the original sin.
        This is further compounded by misdeeds committed throughout one’s life.
        Schicksal must purge humanity of its sins and cleanse the people’s souls.
        We lost the war in the east because our people are sinners who lost their faith.
Those who didn’t take part in that crusade must pay a fair share of “indulgences” to redeem their sinful souls.
Kallen, thinking: Think well and hard about what you ought to defend, Key Wielder.
Kallen: Otto…
Kallen pushed Otto aside.
Kallen: Don’t you think that the sales of these indulgences is unjust?
Otto: We should think about it, Kallen.
        But we need to get you some food first since you’re starving.
Kallen: Yay!
Kallen and Otto enjoy desserts and tea bought at Greenbucks Coffee. Kallen ordered second servings of cakes and cupcakes.
Kallen: Thank you so much, Otto.
        This is one of the most satisfying meals I had for a long while.
(???): I beg you, sir! Just give me a few more days!
Kallen, shocked by the sudden outburst, stood up. Otto turned his head to the direction of the scream too. A crowd gathered.
Woman: Please, kind father, just give me a few more days!
Cleric: You have yet to acquire an indulgence to pardon the grievous sins of your husband.
        The wounds inflicted by his sins cry out in vengeance, my dear.
        We may take your daughter Sasha as proof of your penance.
        Her labors at the church may bring you the salvation you need.
Sasha: Kyaa! Mama! Save me!
The mother bit the hand of the cleric
Cleric: AARGH!
        You mad heretic! How dare you attack a cleric of Schicksal?
The cleric attempted to slap the woman-
Woman: KYAA!
Only to be stopped by Kallen’s hand.
Kallen: What are you trying to do, priest?
        How dare you harm a woman and threaten to take away her child in public?
        You bring shame to the dutiful clergy of Schicksal!
Cleric: A knight of the military orders?
        Do you realize that we’re being forced to compel our faithful flock to help pay for your 
defeat in the east?
        None of this would be happening if you crusaders had faith and won the war in Asia.
Otto grabs Kallen’s arm, and stares at the cleric.
Otto: What’s happening, Kallen?
        Why is there a commotion here?
Cleric: !
        Alright woman, I’ll give you 3 more days.
        Blame not the church, but the faithless knights who failed us all.
The cleric, recognising otto, drops the matter temporarily, and leaves. Kallen rushes forward to assist the woman.
Kallen: Milady, are you alright?
Woman: I’m sorry, church sister…
        … our shop is closed for today.
The woman enters the shop with her child.
Kallen, thinking: The child shall not bear the iniquity of the father…
        Why would the church go against the Good Book?
Kallen: And why did we allow that evil cleric to walk away?
Kallen grits her teeth in rage. At that moment, Otto grabs her by the cheeks.
Otto: Exacting vigilante justice won’t change anything, my dear Kallen. Whosoever shall smite                 thee on thy right cheek, turn to him the other also.
        Let’s not waste time here. Time to watch a show.


Town Plaza
Narrator of the play: A new scene begins! And the duke enters, disguised as before…
Actor (Duke): Oh, what may man within him hide. Though angel on the outward side?
How may likeness (be) made in crimes, making practise (practice) on the times…


Book 02: Their Meeting
Actor (Duke): Where I have seen corruption boil and bubble till it o’er-run the stew…
        Laws for all faults so countenanced, that the strong statues stand…
        … Like the forfeits in a barber’s shop, as much in mock as mark.
The actor draws out a sword, and juts it forward.
        Haste still pays haste, and leisure answers leisure…
        Like doth quit like. And measure still for measure!
        We do condemn the corrupt knave to the very block…
        … Where innocents stoop’d to death, and with like haste
        And therefore think them as the serpent’s eggs…
        … Which hatched, would as their kind grow mischievous…
        … And slit the throat of hatred corruption in its shell.
Man: Guards! Arrest this heretic for slander!
The crowd turns to disarray as guards step onto the theater, subduing the actor. She attempts to escape, but in vain. Her mask drops to the ground.
Actor: The people will learn of the truth! You cannot deceive us forever!
Kallen: Why is the church doing this?
        I must find a way to save her!
Kallen picks up the mask from the ground, and wraps a cloth around her body, draping it like a cloak 
Kallen: Stop, you rabid enforcers of vile tyrants!
Guard: Who the hell is that?
Kallen jumped, landing in between the guards, who surrounded the actor, and carried her.
Man: Guards! Arrest this vile knave!
Kallen: Time to make good our escape!
Guards: Stop her!
Kallen: I’m so sorry! None of you saw anything!
The crowd cheers as Kallen flees the scene. Kallen escapes to an alley.
Actor: Hey!
        You can put me down now.
Kallen: I think no one followed us here.
        You’re safe, dear lady.
Actor: And you took my mask.
Kallen: Do you want it back?
Actor: No, you can keep it.
        You’ve already soiled it with your touch, church sister.
Kallen sweats nervously. The Actor blushes as she strolls away, waving.
Actor: Fare thee well, church sister.
        Consider that mask a token of my thanks.
Kallen takes off the mask, waves back, and shouts:
Kallen: Hey, maestro! I forgot to tell you something!
        I really love your show! I promise I’ll watch your new play!
Otto, who was spying from behind all this time, reminisces:
Otto, thinking: I hadn’t seen her smile like this for a very long time.


Anno Domini 1465
11 years ago
Otto Apocalypse 13 years old
Otto throws a handmade mini-plane into the air, and admires it as it sails through the air. 
Otto: I spent an entire night building this ornithopter!
        It can finally fly on its own…
A relative of his throws a pebble at it, shattering its wings. It crashes in the garden at the other side of the wall.
Otto: What?! No!!
Relative: Building those useless toys again?
        Don’t you ever grow up?
        You’ll never get over that wall.
        You’re hardly strong enough to stay alive.
Ignoring his relative’s remarks, Otto gives it a shot, and falls.
Relative: Pathetic. Why did we end up with a baby brother like this one.
        Shame of the family.
As the relative leaves, A head pops up from the other side of the wall. Kallen appears, and sits on the wall.
Kallen: Hngh!
Otto: Woah!
Kallen: Amazing! That thing flew like a bird!
        Hngh…
        Wait…
Otto: …
Kallen: Sorry, climbing over the wall broke it even more.
        Did your father make this for you?
Otto: Uhm… No. I made it myself.
Kallen: Woah! You’re so smart!
        You’ll definitely become a great inventor one day!
Otto, reminiscing: It was the first time in my life that I heard something nice about what I did.
        She told me that I’m someone useful.
        Someone who can do useful things for other people.
Kallen: I don’t think this wooden bird can fly again.
Otto: It’s alright, I can make one for you if you want to play with it.
Kallen blushes, and jumps down to Otto’s side of the wall.
Kallen: Hey, master inventor…
        Do you want to join me on a quest?
        Let’s go save the world and make it a better place.
Otto, reminiscing: And that was how Kallen Kaslana jumped into my world.


Book 03: A Warning
That night
Kallen gazes at the mask, seated in the comfy abode of what seems to be her home. Otto walks into the room. Kallen gets onto her feet.
Otto: Kallen…
Kallen: Otto!
        I got an idea!
        Let’s go steal money from the evil priest and return it to the people!
Otto: The evil priest? You mean Victor?
Kallen: Victor? So you know his name?
Otto: Of course I do. My father’s the overseer of Schicksal.
Kallen: Good. NOw we have his name, we can strike at his home!
        That vile man must be taught a lesson!
        I need your help, Otto.
        Make me the best rogue extraordinaire!
        Together we shall be evil’s worst nightmare!
Otto: Alright. Let’s start by getting a suitable disguise.
Kallen begins trying out dresses of different shapes and sizes, with Otto spectating. She tries out a dress with a magician’s hat, and a small cape. It’s mainly grayish in color.
Kallen: Would a rogue dress up this way?
This hat will definitely get in the way or fall off.
Next, Kallen tries on a blue and white themed dress, with a yellow ribbon and several yellow buttons to compliment its classical feel.
Kallen: This monocle won’t disguise me at all!
After which, Kallen dons a dress with a rather revealing skirt. The colors of black, gray and white add on to its simple yet captivating theme.
Kallen: I can’t move freely in this dress!
Kallen rummages through a lot of other dresses, flinging them over the place.
Kallen: Not this one. Not that one either!
        Let’s go with this one!
Kallen dresses as the battlesuit we know as the Sixth Serenade. (damn it looks nice)
Kallen: Otto, why do you have so many outfits?
        And they fit so well, too.
Otto: It’s my secret, Kallen.
        Look, I have a few more gadgets for you.
   * A bracelet that fires a chain and a latching claw
   * Smoke bomb to distract enemies
Kallen: Woah, you sure this is a bomb?
Otto: And finally…
        Time to send them a reminder of our visit.
Kallen: Must you do that?
        It would only warn them!
Otto: We’ll warn them and then steal from right under their noses.
        Because that’s what the rogues extraordinaire would do.


Victor’s Residence
Following day
Knight: Father Victor! Someone posted a letter on our door!
Victor: Bring it here.
        “The rogues extraordinaire have decided to pay a visit and relieve you of your ill-gotten         gains.”
Oh dear, someone is trying to steal from the church.
“We will also take the riches hidden beneath the earth.”
        What blasphemy is this?
Knight: Milord, perhaps we should move the gold.
Victor: Forget about the gold!
        Seal the basement! Let no one enter that place or I’ll have your head!
Knight: At once, Father Victor!


Victor’s Residence
That night
Otto, disguising as a woman, walks up to the guards, before faking a fall.
Otto: Kyaa!
        Ahem… excuse me, good sirs. I think I sprained an ankle…
Knight: Are you alright, my good lady?
Otto: Alas, this pain torments me so.
Knight: Alright lads. Let’s give this lady a hand.
While the guards are distracted, Kallen grasps the opportunity to leap onto the manor’s rooftop.
The rogue is in the house.


Book 04: Disguises
Victor’s residence
Attic
Kallen, thinking: Where would he hide the money?
Kallen rushes around the corridors, searching for money. At last, she enters a room with coins piled up on a desk.
Kallen: Good, there you are!
Kallen, thinking: Florins…
        Dinars…
        Ducats…
        Thalers…
        And what’s this one called again?
        Otto taught me about these coins!
        But I still can’t tell the difference at all!
Hardly paid for anything in her life
        Pfft. Why am I getting worried about that?
        I guess I’ll just take everything since it doesn’t look much at all.
Victor, accompanied with a guard, enters the room.
Victor: It seems we have our cat thief.
        We’ve been waiting for you, rogue.
Kallen: Kyaa! Who’s that?
Victor: You’re kind enough to give us a reminder of your visit.
        I might as well create a little trap for you.
        I doubt you can carry all those coins. Gold is far heavier than iron, mind you.
        Your silver hair and your ability to sneak in gave you away.
        You can’t fool us, Kaslana. You shame your late father Sir Francis.
Kallen, thinking: No! I must hide my true identity!
        I must make him think I’m someone else!
Kallen thinks on her feet, and decides to frame the actor she rescued the other day.
Kallen, thinking: Alright, here goes…
Kallen: Oh you lonely knave! Can gold be compared to love you don’t have?
Kallen, thinking: I don’t remember the lines well, but I guess it’ll fool them.
Victor: What nonsense is this?
Kallen: Must I reveal your true name…
        Under the pain of angst and hatred untamed?
Kallen, thinking: Clouds have shaded the moon!
        It’s my time!
Victor: Guards, get her… URK!
Kallen pounced on Victor, taking him down. She swiftly knocks over the guard beside him.
Victor: Stop her! Do something and don’t let her escape!
        Curses! Get up and fight her, you useless louts!
The window flops open as Kallen makes her escape, throwing a smoke grenade to cover her tracks.


This is a song that never fades,
In troubled times where the desperate prays.
With morals befouled and honor betrayed,
Painful cries find the Sixth serenade.


A palatinate suit and moonlit hair,
A raven’s mask and sublime flair.
Evil shied before her glare.
Well struck, rogue extraordinaire!


Victor: Dammit! I can’t see anything in this smoke!
        The cursed thief escaped with the gold!
        How is that possible? It took me ten men to carry all that money!
        But we can thank god that she didn’t enter the basement.
        Our secrets remain safe.
After making her escape, Kallen jumps from rooftop to rooftop, delivering the money to the poor.
Beggar: Dear god, please hear my prayers and feed your humble servant…
The coin thrown by Kallen lands at her feet. She kowtows to Kallen.
Beggar: …
        Oh… Thank you so much, my lord…        
After making multiple deliveries all over the city, Kallen sneaks into the florist’s shop, where the mother and Sasha, who were victims of Victor’s (the Cleric) harassment (see book 1), live, and places a few coins at Sasha’s side.
Kallen: This is the florist’s shoppe.
        You seem to be having a nice dream.
        I won’t disturb you then, Sasha.
        U guess that will tide them over for a while.
As Kallen left, a mysterious red marking resembling an arrow shows up on Sasha’s right arm…
Sasha: Hngh…


Book 05: Loyalties
Anno Domini 1470
Narrator: At first it was the countryside. The hamlets were left void of inhabitants. Almost none         was left alive.
        Then the Great Plague reached the towns and the cities. The scythe of death reaped                 through the people like fields of wheat
        Surgeons, physicians, and clerics of Schicksal worked day and night to stop the plague.
        None of the cures worked. A cursed concoction even turned the sick into the living                 dead.
Test subject after test subject were killed as they transformed to zombie-like creatures.
Otto, thinking: No! I refuse to give up!
        These failures will not stop me!
        I must find a cure or she’ll leave me!
        These victims will die anyway.
        I’ll keep testing on them until I find a cure!
Otto injects yet another serum into a young woman. Her body immediately reacts the moment it’s injected, causing her to cough violently, as if she was about to hurl up.
Young woman: Save me… Please…
        Hak Hak!
        It’s gone. The pain has left my body!
        You saved me!
        Thank you so much!
Otto: I found it! She’ll never leave me now!
        No. I should be the one thanking you, girl.
Otto, thinking: I’ll be able to make her (Kallen) happy with this.
Otto: You’ve given our world the hope it needs, girl.
Young Woman, thinking: Lord Otto saved my life.
        I shall do whatever it takes to repay his kindness. I shall become a valkyrie.
        His very own valkyrie.
        Lord Otto also gave me a last name: Schariac.
        As Valkyrie Eleanor Schariac I’ve fought and defeated the enemies of Schicksal.


Anno Domini 1476
Eleanor, thinking: I won’t let anyone sully our honor.
        Especially not this vile rogue who dared attack a servant of our holy church.
Eleanor strutted around the “crime scene”, as Kallen stared out of the window, lost in thought, recalling the moments where she leapt out to escape.
Eleanor: The thief leaped out of this window.
        Only the vilest creatures would rob God's servant.
        You seem distracted, captain Kaslana.
Kallen: You see, the thief did not rob the other rooms.
        I think the thief was only trying to steal money.
Eleanor: I don’t think so. I sense a growing heresy.
        A masked individual attacked our guards who were trying to arrest a heretic.
        That foul heretic escaped thanks to her help!
Kallen: Maybe the thief was trying to protest the sales of indulgences? Perhaps…
Eleanor: Protest? How dare the sheep protest against the dutiful guardians of the flock?
Schicksal found a cure for the Black Death and fought the Honkai beasts!
More would have died if not for lord otto and our beloved church!
Kallen: Of… Of course I know about that! I defeated many Honkai beasts myself!
        But the church can’t force people to pay indulgences for what *I* did!
Eleanor: !!
        Fine, captain Kaslana.
        But I pray you’ll live up to your duties and protect the church instead of the villain.
Eleanor, thinking: I don’t know why lord Otto is so protective of this idiot!
        I’m a fool to regard this Kaslana as a staunch defender of Europe and our church.
        She’s the reason why we lost the crusade. I have no choice but to rely on myself to                 destroy the enemies of Schicksal.


Overseer’s Sanctum
Victor rushes in, exclaiming loudly. The overseer, Sir Nicholas, is seated on a grand throne, with Otto standing at his side.
Victor: Lord overseer! Your holiness!
        I know her! I know the foul thief who broke into my humble-
Otto: Please watch your words.
        You are a member of our sacred colleges.
        Do not trouble our holy father with such trivial nonsense.
Nicholas: That is true, Victor.
        Are you here to give us results? How goes the tests? Have you made progress? What                 have you found?
        May we ask of you to step up your efforts and give our church and flock the results we                 need?
Victor: … Yes, holy Father. Your servant will do whatever it takes.


Book 06: Catacombs
Otto is working on something in his lab. Kallen comes in to visit, taking a closer look at the liquid in the test tube.
Kallen: Otto, what’s that purple thing?
Otto: A more potent version of the plague serum.
        I heard that there’s a deadlier form of the Black Death, so I hope this can cure the sick.
        This plague took many lives. I’ll save as many people as I can.
Kallen: Your inventions are really saving our world!
        I wish I could be as smart as you, Otto!
Kallen, thinking: Otto is doing so much to protect the weak and innocent!
        I’ll do my best and play my part as well!


That night
Kallen, dressed as the Sixth Serenade, appears at a rooftop with a bag of money.
Kallen: The rogue extraordinaire has struck again!
        I can easily save plenty of people with all this money.
(???): Come on! Let’s go!
Kallen, thinking: Hooded figures? What are they doing at the florist’s shoppe?
Two figures, dressed as plague doctors, leave the shop with a girl within their arms.
Kallen, thinking: Wait! That little girl is Sasha!
Kallen: Let her go, villain!
Realizing they’ve been spotted, the two cloaked figures sprint off in an attempt to escape.
        Where do you think you’re going?
Cloaked figure A: Is the villain still after us?
Cloaked figure B: Shut up and keep moving!
Kallen, thinking: That house that they just entered…
        … I was here! This is Victor’s house!
        This doesn’t feel right. It’s too quiet!
Kallen: Sasha! Where are you?
Kallen, thinking: No, she’s not here.
        Where could they be hiding her?
        I didn’t enter the basement last time.
        What is that strange glow?
Kallen sees a metal gate shaped in a dome. Between the 2 gates emits some eerie purple glow.
Kallen: Hngh! These bars…
        Even I couldn’t get to bend them!
At that moment, Victor arrives at the basement.
Victor: An intruder? Who the hell are you?
        Someone come open the door! Anyone! Quickly!
        Urk!
Kallen swiftly dashed to Victor’s back, twisting his arm and holding him in an arrest position.
Kallen: Are you trying something funny, priest?
        Maybe I should break a few bones and let the guards clean up my mess.
Victor: No, wai! I’ll get the doors open!
As the gates opened, the symbol of the Valkyries could be seen on the door.
Kallen, thinking: The wings of the Valkyrie Order?
        Here? Why?
Inside the hexagon-shaped chamber, several children, with Sasha at the center, are tied to crosses. It looked akin to a prison, with an additional purplish glow. A black box in front of Sasha begins to spin translucent purple materials, akin to strings, around Sasha’s body. The marking on her left arm (refer to the ending of book 3) begins to glow in purple too.
Kallen: Sasha?! And all those girls!
        What are they doing to them?
        What is that black box?
        Speak! Priest! Why did you lock up all these girls in your basement?
        Release these girls at once, you vile cur!
Victor: I can’t! Our lord overseer ordered me to perform these trials!
Little did Kallen know, Otto was hiding within one of the rooms inside the chamber.
Otto, thinking: You’re not supposed to be here, Kallen.
        Why did you return to this place?


Book 07: Exposed
Victor’s Residence
Basement
Kallen: You let them go right now or I’ll break your arm!
Victor: Woargh! Please stop! The overseer will kill me!
        We have no choice but to perform these tests!
        It will help us stop the plague!
Kallen: You lie! We already have the plague cure!
        Making the cure only requires a few herbs.
        And you don’t need to perform tests on little girls!
Victor: Hah! You have no idea how many plague victims we killed to create the first cure.
        You’re right. We’re not trying to stop the plague here.
        We intend to unlock this black box and acquire its powers.
        We’ll avenge our defeat in the East and unite humanity under one banner.
        And then, we’ll purge the Honkai from our world.
Eleanor: Captain Kaslana, or should I say… foul thief?
Kallen turns around in shock, to see Eleanor, along with a pair of valkyries.
Kallen: Huh?
Kallen, thinking: Oh dear! Why did I even turn around?
        It’s Eleanor and her valkyries…
Eleanor: I knew your faith had been shaken by your shameful defeat.
        But I never expected you, our captain, to steal from the church and disgrace the Valkyrie         Order!
        I don’t care why you decided to betray Schicksal.
        But I’m more than happy to take you down, traitor!
        I shall restore glory to the Valkyrie Order!
Eleanor draws out her weapons, a set of claws, and lunges towards Kallen, attempting to hurt her.
Kallen: Stop! Eleanor! Listen to me!
        It’s wrong to kidnap girls to test on them!
Eleanor: Shut up and fight me, you undeserving, traitorous harlot of a Kaslana!
Kallen lands a kick at her stomach, causing her to flinch and double back.
Kallen: Please stop, Eleanor.
        I don’t want to fight you.
Eleanor: You still treat me like a stray you picked up from the streets…
        But you’ve mistaken, Kaslana. Lord Otto himself named me a Schariac and gave me the         powers to deal with heresy.
        I shall let you witness a miracle of our holy church.
Eleanor draws out a black spear, and attacks Kallen once again.
Kallen, thinking: Her black spear…
        It feels like the Oath of Judah of my family…
        Her attacks became much faster as well.
        Eleanor… She’s trying to kill me!
        What is this strange black vapor?
The spear emits some black vapor as she attacks Kallen. The vapor tears a hole in Kallen's skirt, and wounds her right hip.
Kallen, thinking: Hngh! What is this foul sorcery? My leg!
        It burns! The vapor is eating through my leg!
Kallen falls to the ground, helpless. Eleanor steps forward, raising her spear.
Eleanor: You’re history, Kaslana. You’ve lost.
        I shall be merciful and grant you a swift death.
        You’ll not poison lord Otto with your vile heresy anymore.
Kallen, thinking: Is this the end of me?
Kallen closed her eyes, preparing for the worst. At that moment, Otto steps out of the dark and grabs the black spear by his hand, causing him to bleed.
Otto: That’s enough, Eleanor. Stand aside.
Eleanor: Lord Otto! No! I… I did not mean to hurt you!
Kallen, thinking: Why is Otto here?
        No. This isn’t the time to think about this. I must… I must save Sasha and the girls…
Otto: Bring Kallen away, but don’t let her be harmed.
Eleanor: Yes, lord Otto.
        Valkyries, take the prisoner away!
        …
Eleanor doesn’t seem to be happy about Otto’s decision, but abides by it either way. She turns to Otto. Otto, however, has passed out.
Eleanor: I’ll tend to your wounds, lord…
        … Otto?
        Lord Otto! Someone call a doctor!
Otto begins to dream during his unconsciousness…
Otto, thinking: The fragrance of white lilies…
        What is this place?
        I… I was here.
        It’s the paladin…
Otto, a teenager then, was greeted with the sight of a coffin covered in a white cloth and lilies.




















________________


Game Ch I: Dusk, Girls, Battleship
Act 1 - Moon Chaser
CG plays wherein jets and countless Honkai beasts fly throughout Soukai City, exactly 2 years, 5 months and 16 days after the 3rd Eruption, with Kiana being sent out to deal with the situation, grounding and tipping a jet using her Neko Charm:
???: Major, unidentified flying object sighted above Soukai City! Location: SH0639.
???: Optical readings cannot discern the nature of this UFO. No bio-energy readings. Scans of the UFO’s interiors have failed.
???: Clusters of small Honkai beasts and mecha units detected. Battle plan deployed and validated.
2 years, 5 months, 16 days, 02:34:26 after the 3rd Honkai Eruption.
???: Deploying drones to cover Valkyrie boarding action.
Himeko: Double time, Kiana!
Kiana: Aye, aye, madam! Don’t rush me. It’s hard work out here!
Kiana: Neko Charm!
Himeko: Geez. Maintain discipline, soldier.


Gameplay 1-1 - Urgent Mission:
Kiana: Himeko, I’m off!
Himeko: Be sure to evade the enemy’s attacks.
Kiana: Haha, piece of cake!
Himeko: Kiana, activate the burst system and get this battle over with!


CG plays wherein the jet Kiana was riding crashes into a building.


Gameplay 1-2 - Crashing Battleship:
Kiana: Himeko… The aircraft was destroyed…
Himeko: *groans* Save the explanations for later. I’ll prepare a new drone for you now.
Himeko: Soukai City is on the brink of destruction.
Himeko: We must stop that battleship from crashing into the city and killing 30 million people.
Himeko: The battle machine is already nearby, keep moving forward!


CG plays wherein the backup jet Himeko sent Kiana arrives, with her hopping on and riding it towards her destination.






Gameplay 1-3 - Moon Chaser:
Kiana: Why are they all retreating? It seems like there’s a big one about to arrive.
Himeko: Kiana.
Kiana: Himeko, wait! I’ll take down this big bugger and then give you a full report!
Himeko: Skip that fight. You’re close enough to the target battleship.
Himeko: I will make your drone stall in midair, it will be up to you to grab on to the battleship when the moment is right.


CG plays of Kiana arriving at her target on her jet, getting ready to board the battleship:
Kiana: Himeko, I’ve sent the Honkai beasts packing. The Selene is within sight! - (Although the subtitles say “The Selene”, the JP audio says “Moonlight Throne”, with the visuals of later CGs also referring to it as such)
Himeko: Roger. Prepare to land, Kiana.


Gameplay 1-4 - Waiting:
Himeko: Report your status, Kiana!
Kiana: I’m on deck! Everything’s going smooth, Himeko!
Himeko: I’ve said it many times, but I’ll say it again: You may only address me as “Major Himeko”!
Himeko: Ahem. 30 minutes before the battleship crashes.
Himeko: We must seize the helm of this battleship. We cannot let it destroy Soukai City!
Himeko: Your teammates are in position. They will rendezvous with you in a while.
Kiana: Mei!! You’re talking about Mei, right? I’ll be meeting up with Mei, right?
Himeko: Calm down, girl. Stop being so obsessed about Mei.
Himeko: Stay vigilant. We’ve lost track of that Emperor-class Honkai beast you just fought.
Kiana: Pfft. By the time that idiot comes around, I’ll be riding this battleship home.
Himeko: Target neutralised. Keep moving towards the forward section of the deck.


Gameplay 1-5 - Squad Mates United:
Mei: Kiana, Mei reporting. I’m safely in position.
Kiana: Mei!! Awesome! I’ll head over right now!
Mei: Hey, wait. We should follow the battle plan…
Kiana: We’re the bestest partners! We must stick together to make things easier for them.














Mei: I think it should be “make things easier for us”.
Kiana: Oh dear! Whatever. The battle plan also allowed us to be “flexible and respond as required”, right? Just wait for me!
Kiana: Can’t wait any longer! It’s already been 2 hours, 27 minutes and 38 seconds since I last saw Mei!
Kiana: No annoying zombies or beasts can get between Mei and I!


CG plays wherein Kiana saves Mei from a zombie with a kick of her Neko Charm, finally reuniting the two:
Mei: Hmm, that’s about it.
Kiana: Mei! We’ll get the strength of a hundred warriors if Mei’s around!
Mei: A hundred? I’m no ultra woman…
Kiana: I mean that if Mei’s around me, I can feel my power increase a hundred-fold!
Mei: That’s really something that you would say.


Act 2 - Shattering Thunder
Gameplay 1-6 - Preparing for the Worst:
Himeko: ...Alright, I got it. Kiana, keep being “flexible” and I’ll reconsider your battle deployment next time.
Kiana: Hmm.
Himeko: Still remember why I’ve assigned you to partner up with Mei?
Kiana: Uhm… Because we’re soul mates with a special connection?
Mei: ...Be serious, Kiana.
Mei: Before deployment, Major Himeko reminded us to watch out for enemy types and counters.
Mei: Different Valkyrie battlesuits can counter different enemy types.
Kiana: Ah, types. Yeah, of course I know that… that thing.
Himeko: Let’s pray you do. Mei, please take care of her.
Mei: Don’t worry, Major Himeko.
Kiana: Himeko! Stop belittling me! Hmph!
Kiana: Mei, why did you switch off those traps? We’re not super-hackers like Bronya. This is a waste of time.
Mei: Kiana, you should know that a stitch in time saves nine.
Kiana: A snitch in nine saves time? What the hell is that?
Mei: Switching off the traps here will make things easier for us down the road.












Gameplay 1-7 - Shoulder to Shoulder:
No story content.


Gameplay 1-8 - Pursuit:
Mei: That’s the aft of the ship, right?
Kiana: Hmm… Himeko told us to gather at the aft of the ship and secure a breach.
Mei: Something… doesn’t feel right about this.
Kiana: Pfft. Mei, you’re always worrying about stuff. You don’t have to worry about those pesky enemies with me around.
Kiana: Alright. Let’s secure this breach.
Mei: Wait!


CG plays wherein the Emperor-class Honkai beast Kiana had fought previously returns to combat them once more:
Mei: Kiana! Watch out!
Kiana: Dang it! Didn’t I send this guy packing last time?


Gameplay 1-9 - Fury of Thunder:
CG plays wherein the Emperor-class Honkai beast overwhelms them, with Mei releasing a portion of her powers as the 3rd Herrscher, letting it assume control to defeat the beast:
Kiana: Hnnggh… it’s way stronger than I thought.
Mei: I can’t… can’t fall here!
Mei: I must… save Kiana…
SYSTEM: 3rd Herrscher activity detected.
SYSTEM: Restriction protocols activated.
Mei: Go to hell, scum!


CG plays wherein Bronya finishes decrypting the battleship’s system, and heads off to rendezvous with Mei and Kiana, with Mei collapsing in her arms:
Bronya: Mei… Kiana…
Bronya: The Bronya must be… faster…
SYSTEM: Decryption Complete.
Mei: Bronya… you’re here… thank goodness you’re alright.
Bronya: Mei!








Gameplay 1-10 - Boarding Action:
Himeko:...I understand the situation. Bronya, please take care of Kiana.
Bronya: Da, Major Himeko. Kiana is carrying Mei. Physio readings are stable. The Bronya shall handle all hostiles.
Kiana: Hey, Himeko, what did Mei mean by “restriction protocols”? And what about the countdown?
Himeko: ...Now that’s a long story. I’ll give you a detailed rundown once this is all over.


Act 3 - Above the Throne
Gameplay 1-11 - Anti-Entropy:
Mei: Ugh… Kiana, I…
Kiana: Mei?
Bronya: Mei!
Mei: Bronya… you must have helped us access the interior of this battleship? How is the combat?
Bronya: Combat performance nominal. This defense system is familiar to the Bronya. Hacking will be simple.
Mei: Where’s Kiana? Is she injured?
Kiana: I’m a-okay! I think I can run another marathon piggy-backing Mei like this.
Mei: Bronya, when you said you’ve seen these defense systems before, were you talking about your time with Anti-Entropy?
Bronya: Affirmative. Designs, features, and even slogans and logos bear the marks of Anti-Entropy.
Bronya: The Bronya does not understand why this unmanned battleship appeared here.






























Gameplay 1-12 - Bumpy Road:
Mei: Kiana, you can put me down now. I’m alright.
Kiana: Hmm. So soon?
Bronya: There is no need to over-stress your physicals.
Mei: I’m really alright. Thanks for being so considerate.
Bronya: Mei, over-stressing your physicals will be harmful. The Bronya only managed to escape Anti-Entropy with your help, Mei.
Bronya: Allow the Bronya to take care of things for now.
Kiana: Hey!
Bronya: ...What is it, Kiana?
Kiana: Mei, you wanted to get off me because you gained weight, but didn’t me to find out?
Mei: Oh dear, Kiana…


Gameplay 1-13 - Titan Awakened:
Bronya: (Mei’s physio readings do not look good…)
Bronya: Mei, the Bronya has a recommendation.
Mei: What did you see, Bronya?
Bronya: The Bronya intends to make use of the mech units here.
Kiana: Uhm… What do you mean?


CG plays wherein Bronya hacks into some Anti-Entropy mechs:
Bronya: Password protection disabled. Pilot access granted. Combat systems activated.
Bronya: A trojan? No. it seems like a minor Honkai leak.
Bronya: Minor event categorized. Moving on.
Bronya: Anti-Entropy specialist combat mech armed and ready.


Kiana: Whoah! This is super cool. I’ll pilot this one!
Bronya: Negative.
Kiana: Hmm. Why? It’s my turn to do something cool.
Bronya: Mech piloting requires at least 10,000 hours of training.
Bronya: Candidate pilots must be well-versed in the basic principles of EM theories, fluid dynamics, and aerodynamics.
Kiana: Ah? Really? You must be kidding me. This mech looks simpler than a bike.
Mei: Stop fooling around, Kiana.








Gameplay 1-14 - Taking the Bridge:
Kiana: Heheh! How’s that? My piloting skill is simply spelled with awesome.
Bronya: Awesomely inept.
Kiana: What? I reduced all those hostile mechs to slag!
Bronya: Kiana Idiotka has destroyed the only operational mech we managed to hack.
Kiana: Can’t do anything about that. But at least we’ve destroyed a ton of enemy units.
Bronya: Kiana Idiotka pressed the self-destruct button as well.
Kiana: What? How did you know?
Mei: Erm… since we can’t pilot the mech anymore, we should move on with our mission.
Mei: According to the prints of the battleship, the bridge is beyond that dorm right?
Bronya: Affirmative, Mei.
Mei: Let’s do this. We’ll bust through and seize control of the helm.


CG plays wherein attempts to hack into the bridge of the Selene, and surprisingly receives absolutely no resistance in obtaining master controls:
Bronya: No hostile units at the bridge. Project Bunny 19C, force access into the main control system.
Bronya: No login passwords… full administrator’s privileges granted… non-conformance with standard protocols.


Gameplay 1-15 - Prophecy of Selene:
Himeko: ...This is really weird. They’re giving us a free battleship?
Himeko: Be careful, Bronya. The enemy may have hidden a few trojans within the code.
Bronya: Major Himeko, the Bronya found a strange mail in the master controller unit.
Himeko: Mail?
Bronya: “Dear Kiana! Greetings. We hereby return to you the battleship Selene after 14 years. You shall ascend the throne and rule this world. But before that, you’ll need to find 4 keys. Lightning of Conquest, Fire of Hate, Storm of Desire, and Death of Serenity. Your birthday is the password.” - (I’m going to assume that they meant Fire of Haste and Death of Serenity instead of Affliction and Tranquility, as the rest of them obviously reference the four Gems.)




























Kiana: Wait, why is this mail written for me?
Himeko: Kiana, do you know anything about this? Do you know anyone who would write letters like this to you?
Kiana: No… I’m clueless… Don’t you think I’d remember if I had a friend so rich that they could give me a battleship?
Kiana: Plus, my stupid old man probably can’t write anything like this.
Himeko: Lightning of Conquest… Storm of Desire… they sound really familiar to me.
Himeko: Kiana! Tell Bronya your birthday.


CG plays wherein Bronya enters the Selene’s main systems, just to find herself affected by some unknown force:
Kiana: Huh? Why would I tell you girls my birthday? Himeko, this is just a stupid prank.
Mei: Bronya, Kiana’s birthday is December 7th.
Kiana: Hey! Mei!!
SYSTEM: Navigation privileges granted. Rerouting vessel. New destination set: St. Freya High School.
Kiana: What? They really used my birthday as the password!
Mei: We’ll fly the battleship back to St. Freya High and get to the bottom of this.
Mei: It seems that the people sending this battleship harbor no ill will…
Himeko: What’s happening? Bronya?
Bronya: VALKYRIE SYSTEM.
Bronya: Biochip anomaly detected… force activate emergency system. Rebooting.
Bronya: Switching to troubleshooting mode. Purge all surrounding hostiles.


CG plays wherein Bronya comes to her senses after a fight with the others:
Mei: Bronya! Wake up, Bronya!
Bronya: What happened, Mei?
Kiana: Great! You’re finally awake!
Bronya: The Bronya… may have lost control over her chip…
Himeko: Valkyries, are the communications back online? Bronya? Are you alright?
Bronya: The Bronya is alright… Major Himeko, please arrange a full physiological exam for the Bronya at school.
Bronya: The Bronya will not drag anyone down in any way.










________________


Game Ch II: Voice in the Dreams


Act 1 - Dream Dissociation:
Gameplay 2-1 - Back to School:
CG plays wherein the events between chapters I and II are explained:
Bronya underwent a full physiological examination upon returning to St. Freya High.
Investigations concluded that energy emitted by the Selene’s power drives may have interfered with the Valkyrie’s biochip.
Repairs thus started in earnest. Meanwhile, the annual Valkyrie Examination was about to start.
Classes became increasingly tough and stressful. Daily combat training grew in terms of intensity.
To pass the exam, every student in school subjected themselves to grueling training.


Theresa: Kiana, come here for a moment.
Theresa: Kiana, it’s time for class. Where are you going?
Kiana: Aunt Theresa? I… uhm… am heading to class?
Theresa: You can’t address me by my name, and stop calling me your aunt!
Theresa: You must address me as Madam Principal! Got it?
Kiana: Aye, Aunt Theresa… I mean, Madam Principal!
Theresa: Good. The health department told me that Bronya is almost fully recovered.
Theresa: Visit her tomorrow and have her discharged.
Theresa: This will give her enough time to attend the exams on the day after.
Kiana: Kyaa! The stupid Valkyrie Exam!
Theresa: Well… I’ve asked Himeko to give you pre-exam remedials.
Kiana: Pre-exam remedials? Really? I’m an uber-genius!
Theresa: Your results speak otherwise. You set a new low for House Kaslana last time.
Theresa: You’ll probably flop the exams again without help.
Theresa: Remember our promise?
Kiana: You’ll tell me where my stupid old man is when I become an A-rank Valkyrie… Pinky swear, Principal.
Theresa: Because everyone is preparing for the coming exams, many places have been changed into training areas.
Theresa: Try to be careful with those!
Himeko: Good news, Kiana.
Kiana: Is it about the remedials?
Himeko: Duh. Everyone knows you can’t make it to rank 1.
Himeko: I’ve gotten the real rank 1 Valkyrie trainee in class, Fu Hua, to help you out.
Kiana: What? The Class Monitor? I thought Aunt Theresa asked you to help me!




Himeko: I have a booze party… I mean, I am a very busy woman.
Himeko: Fu Hua is a qualified A-rank Valkyrie. She’s a model student for the likes of you.
Himeko: You should be glad that she agreed to help.
Kiana: That girl is so serious and boring! I can’t stand training with her!
Himeko: Pfft. I’m not asking you to like it. I’m asking you to do it.
Fu Hua: Greetings, Kiana.
Kiana: Ugh, it’s the Class Monitor.
Kiana: How did we trigger the test module enemies here?
Fu Hua: Simulation test completed. Generating test results rating.
Fu Hua: Kiana’s current rating. Attack: A. Reflex: A. Knowledge base: E.
Kiana: What the hell?
Fu Hua: Overall rating: E. You managed to survive thanks to your good physique.
Fu Hua: Don’t worry. I’ll give you decent training.


Gameplay 2-2 - Pre-Exam Training:
Fu Hua: Kiana, Miss Himeko is lecturing! Keep it down a bit.
Fu Hua: A listed Valkyrie should uphold discipline.
Fu Hua: This is the only way for us to survive our battles against the Honkai.
Mei: Kiana, are you trying to skip class again?
Mei: This remedial is important. You should try to stay awake.
Himeko: The Honkai grows with civilization, and is a recurring cataclysmic event…
Himeko: During the 1st Honkai Eruption in Berlin, 1953, people first discovered…
Himeko: That concentrated Honkai produces a Core that turns a human host into a “Herrscher” who can bend physical laws.
Himeko: The Herrscher of the Void appeared during the 2nd Honkai Eruption of 2000, and initiated a global disaster.
Kiana: Zzzzz… heheh… zzzz… snort…
Himeko: That’s it for the classes.
Himeko: You’ll have a day off tomorrow, but the exam is on the day after. Remember to review the course materials.


















Himeko: Kiana? Wake up, girl. The class has ended.
Kiana: Nom… nom… chicken pot pie… huh? Himeko?
Himeko: I can’t believe we’re counting on Valkyries like you… I feel sad for this world already.
Himeko: Just answer this question and I’ll let you off.
Himeko: Please describe one form through which the Honkai manifests itself. Any time, sweet heart.
Kiana: Ho-Honkai… Honkai beasts? And zombies?
Himeko: I almost gave up hope for you. This question is super easy.
Kiana: Alright, I’ll head off to the dorms to play HOMU… I mean, study for the exam!
Himeko: You’re not going anywhere. Fu Hua, please help. Don’t go easy on her.
Fu Hua: Yes, Miss Himeko. I’ll do everything I can to help Kiana pass the exams.
Himeko: We can test the new training system installed on campus.
Himeko: It will be used in the exam. Just watch out for the traps.
Kiana: Waaah! Let me go!


Gameplay 2-3 - Site Auditor:
Theresa: What a fabulous sunset. Yawn…
Rita: Good evening, Madam Theresa.
Rita: Overseer Otto has received your report regarding the Selene.
Rita: I’ll be visiting the Far East Branch tomorrow to verify the report details.
Theresa: It’s Rita! Uhm… hi, Rita… welcome! See you tomorrow. I’ll have the agenda prepared.
Theresa: Is there something else you’re looking into? The visit seems unnecessary if you just want to see the battleship.
Rita: Of course. But the Overseer wants me to attend the Valkyrie Exam for this year.
Rita: He seems to be expecting something interesting.
Theresa: Grandpa is so pesky…
Rita: And, by the way, you’re as cute as ever, just like a little baby.
Theresa: Little baby? Wha… What the hell! No one calls TeRiRi a little baby!
Rita: Excuse me for now. I’ll see you tomorrow.
Theresa: This woman sounds pretty… dangerous. I really want to bash her with Judah.
Theresa: I need to vent for a moment!
Theresa: I’m not finished yet!!
Theresa: Exercise really helps lift the spirits.
Theresa: Even without Judah, you wouldn’t stand a chance.










Gameplay 2-4 - Enemy Practice:
Fu Hua: All training targets destroyed?
Kiana: Perfect score, right?
Fu Hua: Zero.
Fu Hua: I didn’t expect you to be so ignorant about enemy types.
Fu Hua: You just kept smashing things. And you almost broke the training device.
Kiana: Types? That’s so stupid. Why care about that when you’ve got arms like me?
Fu Hua: You’ll be fighting more than just Honkai beasts. The Honkai manifests itself in many ways.
Fu Hua: Honkai-corrupted mechs can be considered Mech type enemies.
Fu Hua: The Honkai can also resurrect corpses as zombies. These are Biological (BIO) type enemies.
Fu Hua: Finally, Honkai beasts themselves are Psychic (PSY) type enemies.
Kiana: Then that makes me the [Ultimate] type, right?
Fu Hua: The types counter each other. To make battles easier, you’ll need Valkyrie battlesuits of different types as well.
Fu Hua: Time for a small quiz, Kiana. How do these 3 types counter each other?
[CHOICE] = A. Mech > Biologic > Psychic.
Fu Hua: Good. At least you got that from class.
Fu Hua: Always remember: MECH beats BIO, BIO beats PSY, and PSY beats MECH.
Fu Hua: Lectures may be too boring for you. I’ve arranged a training session.
Fu Hua: Zombies are BIO types. They are corpses resurrected by the Honkai.
Fu Hua: Honkai beasts are PSY type. They are the direct manifestation of the Honkai.
Fu Hua: Mechas are MECH type. Such robots are often driven by Honkai energy.
Fu Hua: The comprehensive exam will test the contents you just learned. Now, defeat the enemy.


























Gameplay 2-5 - Trial of Combat:
Fu Hua: Alright that’s it for now. Try to remember them for the exam.
Kiana: I don’t think you trust me at all.
Kiana: Hmm, let’s take a small exam. How about the big guy you ran into in your last mission?
Kiana: Locked and loaded! I’ll show you what I’m made of!
Fu Hua: Let’s call it a day, Kiana.
Fu Hua: I’ll be at the training plaza in the evening. You can ask me any questions then.
Fu Hua: Alright. Rest well. I’m getting out of here.
Kiana: Hmm, it seems that Fu Hua can be a pretty nice person from time to time.
Kiana: Can’t believe she’s an A-rank Valkyrie already. Dang it. I must work hard to catch up.


CG plays wherein Kiana lies in her bed, having some sort of nightmare:
Kiana: My head… it’s hurting.
Kiana: This place… it’s St. Freya High School!
Kiana: Who is that? Who’s there?
Mysterious Whisper: Welcome home, lost girl~☆


Gameplay 2-6 - Nightmare’s Debut:
Kiana: Where is this place? Why am I here?
???: I’ve slept for too long. But the wheels of fate have started to turn again.
???: Welcome home, Kiana of House Kaslana.
Kiana: Home? This isn’t my home. Who are you? Why do you know my name?
???: Now that’s a story. Do you like the world I’ve built for you?
Kiana: World? What are you talking about? Oh, right. This must be a dream. *pinches self* Wake up~~
???: Are you trying to leave already? You’re making me cry.
???: But leaving this place isn’t as easy as you think.
Kiana: Hey, what are you doing? Grr. I’ll show you the might of a Kaslana!
Kiana: I’m the bestest and the most uber Valkyrie of Schicksal… in a few years time, of course!
???: Kaslana? A Valkyrie? Hahaha. They really didn’t tell you anything.
???: You’re an orphan abandoned by your father. You don’t even know what your mother looks like.
???: Aren’t you curious about this? Where did your mother go? Why did your father leave you?
Kiana: Hey! How come you know all this?
???: Oh. I hope I have your attention now.
???: I have been watching you. Even in your dreams.
???: So I know everything there is about you.
???: Your life as you know it is nothing but a mountain of lies ☆
???: Come, let’s play a little game. Catch me and I’ll share a few secrets with you.
???: Kiana, over here…
???: It seems I’ve finally sparked your curiosity.
???: I’m over here.
???: Catch me and I’ll share a few secrets with you.
???: Let me tell you everything about you…
???: You caught me~ Heheh!
Kiana: Huff… huff… these minions are nothing to me. Tell me something already!
???: Congrats! You just got a prize. So, Kiana, what do you want to know?
[CHOICE] = What happened to Mum?
???: You’re a Valkyrie, so you should know about the 2nd Honkai Eruption in Siberia, 14 years ago.
???: A girl was chosen by the Honkai, just like your girlfriend Mei in Nagazora, to act as its “Herrscher”.
???: Of course, this 3rd Herrscher is a pale imitation of what true Honkai is.
???: Since we have a 3rd Herrscher, there is a first, and a second…
???: The 2nd Honkai Eruption 14 years ago in Siberia gave birth to the 2nd Herrscher.
???: The 3rd Herrscher has mastery over lightning…
???: And this 2nd Herrscher has command over the Void itself.
???: Facing planetary annihilation, Schicksal dispatched their only S-rank Valkyrie to defeat this threat.
???: That Valkyrie is unique indeed. She is a precious yet expendable doll.
???: And that Valkyrie would be your mother, Cecilia Schariac~☆
Kiana: What? Mum? So my Mum’s a Schicksal Valkyrie as well?
???: Yes, and her husband happens to be your father.
???: Siegfried Kaslana. He was supposed to give her support.
Kiana: Did my Mum…
???: That’s it for now. Dawn is breaking. I’ll leave you at this cliffhanger.
??? We’ll continue this next time.
Kiana: Hey, wait!












Act 2 - Bridge Battle:
Gameplay 2-7 - Visiting the Sick:
Kiana: Ugh, my head hurts. I think I had a weird dream, but I can’t remember it too well.
Kiana: Gotcha, Bronya!
Kiana: I was supposed to discharge you from the hospital, but you managed to escape to the library.
Kiana: What a naughty brat.
Bronya: The Bronya is not a baby.
Bronya: The Bronya performed self-diagnostics using the Health Terminal. All systems are back online.
Bronya: The Bronya then accessed the system database, updated all physio readings, and approved of her own discharge.
Kiana: Hey… that sounds like… hacking! That’s illegal!
Brona: Subject Kiana is up to something again.
Bronya: Perhaps subject Kiana is here to beg the Bronya for emergency remedials.
Kiana: Hey! I am really trying to care, brat! Anyway, I’m worried that you might get bored…
Kiana: Ah, I’ll try some reverse psychology. I’m here to mess up your studies. I’ve brought your HOMU-Station.
Bronya: HOMU-HOMU Adventure…
Kiana: Since Bronya only likes studying, I’ll just play this on my own.
Bronya: Subject Kiana is leaving as she acknowledges the Bronya’s supremacy in gaming.
Kiana: I won’t let you beat me! Not in gaming, at least!
Bronya: Alloy_Bronya deployed.


Gameplay 2-8 - Mei’s Special Training:
Kiana: Hnnggh… that hurts. Mei, please don’t pull my ears again.
Mei: I was making lunch and noticed that you were missing because no one’s stealing the tempura.
Mei: That’s how I knew that you were here.
Kiana: But… Aunt Theresa asked me to visit Bronya and study with her.
Mei: Study? With a HOMU-Station?
Mei: Kiana, I hope you didn’t forget about your goal of becoming an A-rank Valkyrie.
Mei: If you fail again, they’ll demote you from a B-rank to a D-rank Support Valkyrie.
Kiana: Support Valkyrie?
Mei: Only B-rank and better Valkyries get to fight in the frontlines.
Mei: If you get demoted to D-rank, you’ll be given support and logistics duties far from the real fighting.


Kiana: Logistics? Like the Exchange and Snack Bar? No way!
Mei: Then go to the training plaza, now! No more lazing about today!
Kiana: *covers ears* Kyaaa! Don’t pull at my ears again, Mei!
Mei: Generating data space... Starting emulation battle…
Mei: Movement modules… Download complete.
Mei: Weapon modules… Unlocked.
Mei: The flying device has been damaged. Preparing for contact.


Gameplay 2-9 - Class Monitor Fu Hua:
Fu Hua: Kiana? Didn’t expect you to show up in the training plaza.
Kiana: Fu Hua? You’re here, too! Do you camp here? Where’s your tent?
Mei: You’re so hard-working, Fu Hua.
Fu Hua: Are you here to practice, Mei? They said that you were injured in the Soukai City mission.
Fu Hua: But it seems that those rumors were exaggerated. It’s great to see you again.
Fu Hua: So… is there anything wrong with you?
Mei: Anything wrong with me? I don’t know…
Kiana: Hey, Fu Hua! Stop mishandling my Mei!
Fu Hua: Hmm… apologies. There is no end to learning. I must continue my training, Mei.
Fu Hua: Please work hard as well, Kiana.
Fu Hua: If it’s ok, I can give some suggestions to Kiana about her combat.
Fu Hua: There’s no use in discussing it, now’s the time for a real battle.


Gameplay 2-10 - Stigmata Power:
Fu Hua: Kiana, turn to page 53 of the basic training material…
Fu Hua: In addition to enemy types, we’ll need to review materials about the Stigmata.
Fu Hua: Stigmata are highly advanced implants designed to improve a Valkyrie’s combat capabilities and Honkai adaptability.
Kiana: Wow! Fu Hua, you aren’t even looking at the textbook! No wonder you get straight-As all the time.
Kiana: That’s so easy. I know this by heart.
Fu Hua: But keep in mind that Schicksal only provides us with Artificial Stigmata.
Fu Hua: Many outstanding historical personalities have left powerful Stigmata of their own.
Fu Hua: These Stigmata offer immense powers, helping humanity to turn the tide against the Honkai.
Kiana: Awesome! I think Bronya has a VR game that features this kind of stuff. Did you get to play it?
Fu Hua: Video game? I learned about this from a textbook.
Fu Hua: Kiana, select a Stigmata and let’s start today’s training, shall we?


Gameplay 2-11 - Sensei Deployed:
Kiana: Hah! *swings fist*
Himeko: Why, why, why am I not surprised. Kiana is actually training. The world is coming to an end already.
Himeko: Hmmm.. Kiana’s leaving ghost images in her wake…
Kiana: What are you talking about, Aunt Himeko? You definitely drank too much again!
Himeko: Of course not! Ahem… how is Bronya doing, by the way?
Kiana: She looks healthy. But she missed the triple jump sledgehammer combo in the game.
Himeko: What did you encounter in that mission? It affected her pretty badly.
Himeko: The report said something about Honkai energy in the battleship’s engines… but that doesn’t sound right to me.
Kiana: Perhaps Bronya was being controlled by someone else, just like the HOMUs in the game.
Himeko: ...Forget it. I shouldn’t ask an idiot like you to begin with.
Kiana: Anyway, Himeko, a lazy bag like you often sleeps in real late after Friday night. Why are you here so early?
Himeko: Lazy bag? Why you little…
Theresa: Valkyries must maintain a healthy training routine.
Theresa: Himeko, you’re an instructor of St. Freya High, and a Major leading a Valkyrie Squad.
Theresa: Poor discipline will set a poor example.
Theresa: Hey. Kiana… you’re here?
Kiana: Grr. I hate it when people think I’m a bad student. I’m leaving.
Theresa: Himeko, try to cut down on the HOMU beer… it’s bad for you…
Himeko: I hate hearing that.
Himeko: Tsk. Even Kiana’s working hard. I’m itching for a workout myself.


CG plays wherein Kiana is once again engulfed in her dreams with the strange entity:
Kiana: The exam is starting tomorrow.
Mysterious Whisper: Wake up~☆
Kiana: Huh? Mei, is that you?
Mysterious Whisper: From where should the story begin, Kiana?
Kiana: ...Who the hell are you?
Mysterious Whisper: I’m a ghost of your past… a nightmare you’ll never escape from…








Gameplay 2-12 - Personal Dark Side:
Kiana: What’s wrong, Mei? You look weird.
Mei (?): Kiana, I’ve been putting up with you all this time. You’re always getting in our way.
Kiana: What? That’s not nice!
Mei (?): If it weren’t for me, that Honkai beast would have turned you into a rotting corpse.
Mei (?): Everyone has to work hard to keep you alive. You’re even worse than that kid Bronya.
Kiana: Why are you hurting me, Mei?
Mei (?): You’re pathetic, Kiana. PA-THE-TIC.☆
Kiana: Dang it! You’re not Mei! Mei is never this mean!
Mei (?): Kiana, your very existence is a mistake!
Kiana: Who are you?
Kiana: What’s wrong with this place? It’s upside down!
Kiana: Himeko? Why are you here?
Himeko (?): Why are you surprised? The both of you are under my custody and strict monitoring.
Kiana: What are you talking about?
Himeko (?): Stupid brat. You just don’t get it at all. Ever thought why I enrolled you two into the school?
Himeko (?): Because you’re ticking time bombs that must be watched.
Himeko (?): You’re problem kids. That 3rd Herrscher lurking within Mei is a real threat.
Kiana: Hey! You can’t talk about Mei that way!
Kiana: Wait, aren’t you the woman who appeared in my dreams last night?
???: Hahahaha!
Kiana: Is this a dream?
Theresa (?): Kiana.
Kiana: Aunt Theresa?
Theresa (?): I’m sorry. Despite our promise, I can’t tell you where Siegfried is.
Kiana: Why?
Theresa (?): Because he doesn’t want to see you. You’re a harbinger of bad luck.
Kiana: What? Harbinger? What are you talking about?
Theresa (?): When the 2nd Herrscher appeared in Siberia 14 years ago, your mother…
Theresa (?): ...Cecilia Schariac, the only S-rank Valkyrie of Schicksal, was deployed.
Theresa (?): But even she could not defeat this opponent, despite her prowess. Do you know why?


Kiana: ...No… please don’t tell me…
Theresa (?): She had yet to recover after giving birth to you. In the end, the leaders of Schicksal…
Theresa (?): ...Heheh, those cowards feared that Cecilia would be defeated.
Theresa (?): They launched Honkai fission missiles at the target to destroy the 2nd Herrscher along with Cecilia…
Kiana: KYAAA! SHUT UP! SHUT UP!!
Theresa (?): Poor Siegfried. He didn’t take the loss of his wife that well, and he hated his daughter for being the cause of it.
Theresa (?): You have brought nothing but bad luck to your parents.
Kiana: SHUT UP! I DON’T BELIEVE YOU!
Kiana: You creep! How dare you cosplay as my loved ones to lie to me?
Kiana: Show me all you’ve got, scum!
???: What a foolhardy girl.
???: You’re always swinging at me. I’ve got no choice but to disguise myself to converse with you.
???: But make no mistake, girl. I said nothing but the truth~☆
???: There’s no happy ending with these so-called loved ones.
???: You’re not like them. You will never be like them.
???: But if you join me, you’ll have anything you want.
???: People will recognise your powers, and you’ll become an S-rank Valkyrie…
???: Actually, you’ll be even more than that. You will get powers beyond your imagination.
Kiana: SHUT UP! YOU LIAR!
???: What a shame. Dawn has arrived. No matter, we will meet again.






























Act 3 - S-rank Valkyrie’s Name:
Gameplay 2-13 - Unsheathed Blade:
Theresa: Hello? Testing…
Theresa: The exam is about to start.
Theresa: Combat trials will be single-round competitions. All Valkyries will be divided into pairs.
Theresa: The graders will rate you according to your performance. Winning is not everything, Valkyries.
Theresa: Candidates and graders, please take your positions.
Mei: What? Kiana, you look terrible. Were you stealing food from the fridge without microwaving them?
Kiana: I’ve been having terrible dreams for the last 2 days.
Kiana: I can’t remember the details… but it’s terrible, Mei. You were leaving me in the dreams…
Mei: It’s alright, Kiana. It’s just a dream. I think exam stress has gotten to you.
Mei: I’ll be here always. I’ll make you a great meal after this.
Kiana: Really? Heheh! Please go easy on me in the exam, Mei.
Mei: No, that would be cheating. Put on your battlesuit. It’s time to get serious.
Kiana: Mei, you’re so heartless today!
Kiana: Will Mei be watching me battle from a close distance?
Mei: Be careful of the type affinity! Did you forget the things you’ve learned in class?
Mei: Avoid the enemy attacks! Are you an idiot?
Mei: That’s right!!
Mei: Watch their moves! And don’t get surrounded!
Mei: Kiana, you did way better than I expected.
Kiana: It’s because I’m up against you, Mei!
Kiana: I’ve been waiting for a chance to show off my skills to you, Mei.
Kiana: That’s why you get to see me at 200% performance today!


Gameplay 2-14 - Artillery Trials:
Bronya: The Bronya did not expect to meet subject Kiana the idiot in this round.
Kiana: Bronya, are you… alright?
Kiana: I’m actually pretty glad to see you’ve recovered.
Bronya: Hnnngghh… subject Kiana is attempting a sympathy attack against the Bronya…
Bronya: Negative. Subject Kiana is too retarded to use such tactics.
Kiana: I’m glad, because it’s time to wallop you fair and square, you pesky little brat!
Kiana: I’ll let you know that my powers are way beyond the scope of your imagination!
Bronya: The Bronya has no fear. The Bronya shall counter the neanderthal.
Bronya: Subject Kiana’s mental capacities are over-taxed by the Honkai.
Bronya: The Bronya shall show no mercy.
Kiana: I won’t show any mercy either!
Bronya: Alloy_Bronya, deployed.
Kiana: Howzzat, Bronya? You’re no match for me when I’m at 200% performance!
Bronya: Combat performance sub-par… the Bronya was too optimistic… physios have yet to recover…
Bronya: Do not gloat, subject Kiana.
Bronya: The Bronya has scanned the score lists. Subject Kiana will be fighting the Class Monitor next.
Kiana: What?! You gotta be kidding me!


Gameplay 2-15 - Fists of Fury:
Fu Hua: Greetings, Kiana. I’m pleased to have you as an adversary.
Kiana: Fu… Fu Hua…
Fu Hua: What is it, Kiana? Something you want to talk about?
Kiana: Ugh…
Fu Hua: True intents are hidden behind the skin.
Fu Hua: But release your mental burdens, and direct your focus to the fight ahead.
Fu Hua: Distractions will only keep you from victory.
Fu Hua: In truth, I have always admired you, Kiana. Your energetic spirit and optimism are inspiring.
Fu Hua: You are an outstanding Valkyrie, Kiana. I am pleased to spar with you in honorable combat.
Kiana: I… Got it! I don’t care if I win or not. I’ll give it my best!
Kiana: But Fu Hua, you talk like an adult!
Kiana: We’re just high school girls, The way you talk is kinda weird.
Fu Hua: Hmm, indeed. The fight is about to commence. Ready yourself, Kiana.
Fu Hua: Let’s stop here! Great work!
Fu Hua: Most impressive, Kiana.
Kiana: I’m surprised myself! It’s like I’m running at 1000% performance today! I feel so uber today.


















Gameplay 2-16 - Rita’s Test:
Theresa: Hello? Before recess break begins, I’d like to introduce Rita Rossweisse, our auditor from HQ.
Theresa: She’s here at St. Freya to see what we’re doing for the Valkyrie Exams, so do your best, girls.
Student: Wow. She looks so pretty and gentle. Is she really a Valkyrie?
Rita: Excuse me. Madam Theresa, your students are an impressive lot.
Rita: I feel like sharing a few moves with them myself.
Theresa: Sharing a few moves?
Rita: Several Valkyrie performed admirably.
Rita: I’d like to ask if I can spar with one of them.
Theresa: Uhm… okay. Let’s welcome Miss Rita. She’ll show us a few combat moves. Who will be our lucky student?
Rita: Who is that silver-haired girl? Uhm… *reads the name tag* Kiana Kaslana.
Theresa: Kiana? Why her?
Rita: Oh. A Kaslana…
Theresa: Oh no, not that Kaslana. She’s not related to them at all.
Kiana: What? Spar with an HQ official? What will the fight be about?
Rita: That will be all. Good job, Kiana.
Kiana: Huf… puff… I’m… not done… yet. I can… keep going.
Rita: But you look exhausted. I’ll take my leave.


Gameplay 2-17 - Honkai Tusks:
Theresa: This is the final round. Candidates, please put on the sync device once your name is called.
Theresa: The simulated combat program will select a suitable module as your opponent.
Theresa: Do your best girls.
Kiana: Kiana Kaslana. Prepare sync.
System: Access: 98.6%.
System: Sync ratio: 100%. Generating adversary modules.
System: Sync ratio: 120%... Genera… gen… generating adver… adversary modules…
System: SYSTEM ERROR.
Student: What happened?
Kiana: What’s going on? Himeko! What’s happening?
Himeko: Something’s wrong. The program should initiate auto-exit upon an error report.
Himeko: Program sync ratio is stuck at 120%. This means…






Kiana: Force closing the program may be unwise.
System: Adversary module generated.
*Ganesha’s roar*
Theresa: It’s Ganesha! Impossible! Our database shouldn’t be generating an Emperor-class Honkai beast module!
Kiana: Don’t worry about shutting things down. I’ll just mop the floor with this thing!
Theresa: Kiana, are you alright?
Kiana: Now that was a tiring fight. But I can easily have these enemies for breakfast, lunch, and dinner.
Himeko: Alright, Kiana. Go back to rest.
Rita: An exciting battle.
Rita: The opponent is a simulated module, but it’s still an Emperor-class Honkai beast.
Rita: I’m really looking forward to her future performance.


CG plays wherein Kiana’s perception changes to something ominous as her and the other girls walk back to the dorms:
Kiana: I’m finally done… this is so friggin’ tiring.
Mei The test program was doing fine… why would it run into such errors?
Bronya: That was no simple bug.
Kiana: Mei? Bronya? Where are you?


Gameplay 2-18 - Total Memory:
???: What a surprise, little one. You managed to defeat Ganesha~☆
???: You should know that this Honai beast first appeared in India in 2012.
???: It killed 2 A-rank Valkyries and severely wounded 12 others.
???: I thought a B-rank Valkyrie like you would have never survived that.
???: Pfft. Despite being a B-rank Valkyrie, I have the powers of an S-rank powerhouse!
???: What a braggart. You’re pretty good, I’ll give you that, but you’re still far from being an S-rank Valkyrie~☆
???: I fought an actual S-rank Valkyrie 14 years ago.
Kiana: 14 years ago? You fought an S-rank Valkyrie?
Kiana: Wait… aren’t you… that… hmm… hey! You’re the 2nd Herrscher!
Kiana: Impossible. I thought they nuked you 14 years ago? Why are you in my dreams?
???: Hah, your idiocy can be super cute at times. I really want to take a bite out of you.
Kiana: Hmph. This might be a dream…
Kiana: But you’re not getting out of here alive today! You killed my Mom!








???: I never expected to leave this place.
???: You know why? Your dreams are my dreams.
???: I am you, and you are me. The one to leave…
???: Should be you, Kiana!
Kiana: SHUT UP!
???: C’mon, let’s see the real world!
Kiana: I feel like someone is watching me.
???: Chase me, kill me, and in the end, why not kill yourself too!
???: Did you really think… That this would be the last time we would meet?
???: All of your life from here on out… I will never, ever, stop appearing in your deepest nightmares.
???: One day will come… when you’ll be powerless to resist…


CG plays wherein all the girls surround an unconscious Kiana, with Rita hypothesising on the reason behind her recent bouts of sleep-walking:
Rita: Kiana’s episodes of unconsciousness and dream-walking remind me of Bronya’s afflictions.
Rita: Perhaps they have been influenced by the energy emitted by the Selene’s power drives.
Rita: This battleship is driven by a strange engine, indeed.
Rita: Regardless, my mission here is complete. I will be reporting back to HQ.
Kiana: Mei, I’m hungry…
Mei: Let’s head back, then. I’ll make lunch for you.
Rita: Observation log: Subject 105-K423.
Rita: Subject made significant advancements in terms of physical and combat capabilities.
Rita: However, further observation is required to confirm the success of persona replication.
Rita: The Overseer’s plan can now move on to a more… practical phase.
Rita: Everything… is under his control.


















________________


Game Ch III: Poem of the Wind


Act 1 - Gem of Desire:
Gameplay 3-1 - Arriving in New Zealand:


CG plays wherein the events in between chapters II and III are explained:
Everything went back to normal once the Valkyrie Tier Examinations ended.
New missions were set according to the message left in the hub of the Selene.
The Valkyries started the search for the 4 Gems.
Their first destination is New Zealand, under the jurisdiction of the Schicksal Oceania Branch.
The Gem of Desire awaits them there.


Himeko: Second Lieutenant Kiana, I see you’ve arrived in New Zealand. Prepare for mission briefing.
Kiana: Wait, Himeko. Can you tell me about the analysis of that unmanned battleship…
Himeko: Mission briefing takes priority, Kiana.
Himeko: Bad news first. A powerful Honkai energy spike was detected in New Zealand 1 day ago.
Himeko: The place is now crawling with zombies and Honkai beasts.
Himeko: The Oceania Branch is out of action. The Gem of Desire went missing during the incident.
Himeko: The good news. The Hyperion is furnished with a sensor capable of locating the Gem.
Himeko: Find it and bring it back.
Kiana: Himeko, what exactly is the Gem of Desire?
Himeko: Schicksal got hold of 3 powerful Honkai Cubes 14 years ago, one of which was the Gem of Desire.
Himeko: A covert research program was started 3 years ago to use this Gem and develop weapons capable of fighting a Herrscher.
Himeko: The research Program failed. The Gem has been kept in the Oceania Branch ever since.
Himeko: That’s all I know.
Kiana: Alrighty. Let’s go get that Gem!










Gameplay S3-1 - Honkai Town:
Himeko: Principal, where did the Gem of Desire come from?
Himeko: I can’t find any related data from the archives… even those related to A-rank Valkyries.
Theresa: Curiosity killed the cat. Do you still wanna know, Major?
Himeko: Of course. My girls are fighting down there for that stupid rock. I need the truth.
Theresa: I’ll tell you about it. It happened 14 years ago.
Theresa: That’s when the 4 Gems, including the Gem of Desire, appeared.
Himeko: The thing 14 years ago? So it’s related to the 2nd Herrscher?
Theresa: Yes. The 2nd Herrscher dragged Siberia into an Imaginary Space 14 years ago…
Theresa: 5 of our A-rank Valkyries were killed in battle.
Theresa: Even Cecilia, our S-rank Valkyrie, could not defeat her.
Himeko: But we did win, eventually. How did that happen?
Himeko: What has that got to do with the Gem of Desire?


Gameplay 3-2 - Battleship Intel:
Theresa: Kiana, Himeko told me that you’re curious about the battleship. I’ll tell you the analysis results.
Kiana: Aunt Theresa! You’re the World’s #1 Cutie!
Theresa: What did you just say?
Theresa: Never mind… analysis showed that the battleship was not fully activated.
Theresa: Only 1 of the 24 anti-grav drives were operational. Weapon systems were frozen as well.
Theresa: The fully activated battleship would have leveled North America within 24 hours.
Theresa: For the sake of comparison, the Hyperion’s Honkai reactor has a max output of 1380 HW.
Theresa: The Selene has an output of 12000 HW.
Theresa: Wow! The most powerful reactor Schicksal has only has an output of 1500 HW.
Theresa: There’s only one way to build a reactor with an output that exceeds 1500 HW.
Kiana: You’re talking about… Herrschers?
Theresa: Correct. In the Nagazora incident, the 3rd Herrscher delivered a hit amounting to 3200 HW against the Hyperion.
Theresa: To fully activate that battleship, you would need the powers of 4 Herrschers.
Kiana: The voice mentioned 4 keys…




Gameplay S3-2 - Gem Search:
No story content.


Gameplay 3-3 - Destined Encounter:
Mei: This is the place indicated by the sensor. But I don’t see anything. Perhaps the sensors malfunctioned.
Bronya: Mei! Wait.
Mei: What’s the matter, Bronya?
Bronya: Bio-sensors detect vital readings 50 meters to the east.
Mei: East… I see it. There’s a girl on a wheelchair. This place is dangerous. We should save her.


Act 2 - Girl in the Wheelchair:
Gameplay 3-4 - Girl in the Wheelchair:
Himeko: Target located.
Mei: Target? But I thought we were looking for the Gem of Desire. We only found this girl.
Himeko: Intel from the Oceania Branch confirmed the girl as the Gem of Desire.
Wendy: Zombies and Honkai beasts? Not the toughest enemies around, but don’t let your guard down!
Himeko: Allow me to explain.
Himeko: 3 years ago, the Oceania Branch implanted the Gem of Desire into Wendy’s calf.
Himeko: The aim was to meld the Gem with her tibia to achieve Herrscher-grade powers.
Mei: So I guess this Wendy should be pretty powerful. But she’s a girl in a wheelchair.
Himeko: Wendy was Oceania’s best Valkyrie. She might have even become the 4th S-rank Valkyrie of this generation.
Himeko: But she still couldn’t handle the Gem’s power.
Wendy: I wasn’t strong enough to contain the power of the Gem. I lost control of my legs.


















Mei: They should have taken out the Gem! Wendy shouldn’t be stuck in this wheelchair.
Himeko: The Gem of Desire is extremely unstable in every medium, but it stabilised in Wendy’s body.
Mei: So Schicksal decided to use Wendy’s body as a vessel for holding the Gem? That’s… evil!
Himeko: No point arguing this here. Bring Wendy back to the Hyperion.
Wendy: We’re heading back? But I’m in a wheelchair. I might slow you down…
Bronya: I can’t believe it. The Bronya does not believe Wendy will slow us down. Project Bunny 19C: activate!
Wendy: A robot? It just materialised from thin air!
Bronya: Project Bunny 19C, pick up subject Wendy. The Bronya will carry you, subject Wendy.
Wendy: What? It can fly!
Kiana: Awesome! Bronya, can I ride on your robot next time?
Bronya: For subject Kiana? Nyet.


Gameplay S3-3 - Honkai Container:
Theresa: 30 minutes after the battle against the 2nd Herrscher started, Cecilia was the only one left standing.
Theresa: I planned to put on my battlesuit and fight alongside her…
Theresa: But Grandpa Otto stopped me…
Himeko: Grandpa Otto? Overseer Otto Apocalypse?
Theresa: He thought that I wouldn’t do any good.
Theresa: He ordered me to unleash Honkai fission missiles to attack the 2nd Herrscher.
Himeko: Honkai fission missiles? Those things could kill hundreds of Chariot-class Honkai beasts, but would leave the region contaminated…
Theresa: They didn’t do anything to the 2nd Herrscher. She moved them into Imaginary Space before they exploded.
Theresa: But Cecilia grasped her chance. She sacrificed herself to destroy the Core of the 2nd Herrscher.
Theresa: Her Core fractured into 4 Gems.
Himeko: I guess the Gem of Desire was part of the 2nd Herrscher’s Core…
Theresa: Exactly. But there was an accident when we recovered the Gems…


Gameplay 3-5 - Back to the Hyperion:
No story content.


Gameplay S3-4 - Sweet and Cold:
No story content.


Gameplay 3-6 - Kind Bronya:
Bronya: We will be back on the battleship in 4 minutes. Statement proven. Wendy did not slow down the squad.
Mei: Bronya is so kind today.
Kiana: I guess the mighty Bronya’s data center is corrupted by the “Kindness” virus.
Wendy: Thank you, Bronya.
Bronya: The Bronya is glad to help.
Bronya: The Bronya is equipped with armored leg prosthetics.
Bronya: The Bronya was wounded and confined to a wheelchair after an experiment.
Bronya: The exoskeleton system restored the Bronya’s ability to walk.
Wendy: Awesome! Does that mean Wendy can recover one day?
Wendy: I’ll be able to walk and fly like Bronya, right?
Bronya: Da. The Bronya believes it is possible.
Bronya: Once we return to St. Freya High, the Gem can be removed. Subject Wendy shall regain the ability to walk.
Wendy: You’re so nice, Bronya.


Act 3 - Torn Face:
Gameplay 3-7 - Earnest Request:
Himeko: Bronya, what is it? I’m surprised to see you submit a personal request.
Bronya: Major Himeko, the Bronya requests for St. Freya High to remove the Gem from Wendy.
Bronya: The removal will restore her walking capabilities.
Himeko: That’s… not possible. We need Wendy to keep the Gem stable.
Himeko: We can’t keep the Gem if it’s taken out.
Kiana: Just throw that stupid Gem away! A rock means nothing compared to a girl’s happiness.
Himeko: The Gem of Desire is no ordinary rock.
Himeko: It contains enough Honkai energy to vaporise several cities, and that’s what will happen if it goes off.
Kiana: But…
Wendy: It’s alright, Kiana. I’ve accepted my fate.
Wendy: Valkyries must sacrifice themselves for the greater good. It’s… my duty…














Gameplay S3-5 - The Hard Truth:
Himeko: What was that?
Theresa: My troops found the 2nd Herrscher’s Core fractured into 4 pieces when they went to recover her body…
Theresa: That was when they appeared… with more advanced battleships and tactical mechas.
Theresa: That was our first encounter with Anti-Entropy, and the 1st Herrscher who led them. The 2nd Herrscher was their aim as well.
Himeko: But Schicksal kept the Gem of Desire. I thought Anti-Entropy would have taken it.
Theresa: Otto managed to deceive them. Schicksal’s Valkyrie forces were devastated. We had no chance against Anti-Entropy.
Theresa: Luckily, Anti-Entropy had no idea that the 2nd Herrscher’s Core had broken into 4 pieces.
Theresa: We fooled them. We gave them her corpse and 1 of the Gem fractures.
Theresa: We told them that that was all we got, and they bought it.


Gameplay 3-8 - Disguised Sacrifice:
CG plays wherein Wendy is corrupted by the power of the Gem of Desire implanted in her leg, becoming a Herrscher:
Kiana: Hey, Aunt Himeko, is the Hyperion ready?
Himeko: Stop calling me that! Kids these days…
Himeko: Stay where you are and get ready to board.
Bronya: Wendy… sorry…
Wendy: It’s fine, Bronya. You did nothing wrong.
Himeko: Honkai energy reactions detected.
Himeko: Is it from the Gem of Desire inside Wendy?
Himeko: Wait, the readings of Honkai energy are off the charts!
Himeko: 1500 HW… 2000 HW… Holy…!!
Himeko: What the hell is going on?!
Wendy: 2000 HW, huh…
Wendy: With this power, I won’t even need two shots to crush the Hyperion…
Mei: Miss Wendy, wh-what are you talking about?
Wendy: You hypocrites!
Wendy: I hate you… ALL of you!
Wendy: I can’t wait to kill ALL of you!
Wendy: Hahahahah…
Himeko: This Honkai energy level…
Himeko: Wendy… you’ve harnessed the Gem of Desire’s power?!
Himeko: Or, are you corrupted by the Will of Honkai within it?


Gameplay 3-9 - Torn Face:
No story content.


Gameplay S3-6 - Tomorrow’s Pain:
No story content.


Act 4 - 4th Herrscher:
Gameplay 3-10 - An Unwanted Departure:
Kiana: Wendy… has flown away…
Himeko: Report this to HQ. Dispatch S-rank Valkyries to capture her.
Bronya: The Bronya does not think that Wendy will hurt anyone.
Himeko: We can’t afford the risks. She has Herrscher powers.
Himeko: Her mind and ego may have been corrupted by the Honkai.
Kiana: I trust Wendy, too.
Kiana: Back in Nagazora, Mei was also controlled by the Honkai, but she managed to resist it!
Mei: Kiana’s right. We can restore Wendy if we help her.
Himeko: I’ll report this to HQ. The S-rank Valkyrie will be here in 30 minutes.
Himeko: You hear that? You have 30 minutes to do whatever that needs to be done.
Bronya: Thank you, Major Himeko!


Gameplay S3-7 - Looking for Wendy:
Himeko: That means that Anti-Entropy took a Gem from us.
Theresa: Does it bother you?
Himeko: If the Gem of Desire has Herrscher powers, the Gem that they took would have the same.
Himeko: One of our girls down there happens to have Herrscher powers.
Theresa: Your guess is correct. The Gem they took was the Gem of Conquest, and it has the power of lightning.
Theresa: If Schicksal is working towards giving humans Herrscher powers, Anti-Entropy must be doing the same thing as well.
Theresa: And they probably succeeded already.
Himeko: Power of lightning… Mei?
Theresa: It’s just my speculation, though, If it was Mei, why would Anti-Entropy let her leave?
Theresa: Mei seems oblivious about Anti-Entropy.
Theresa: There are too many questions. We should keep this a secret at first.






Gameplay 3-11 - Detect and Trace:
No story content.


Gameplay S3-8 - A Judgment Call:
No story content.


Gameplay 3-12 - 4th Herrscher:
Himeko: 2 pieces of bad news. First: HQ has tagged Wendy as the 4th Herrscher.
Himeko: 2nd: The S-rank Valkyrie from the European HQ has been deployed to bring her in.
Kiana: S-rank Valkyrie? Hah. I would have loved to spar with them in school…
Kiana: ...But this is definitely not the time to meet them.
Himeko: They’ve deployed S-rank Valkyrie Durandal.
Himeko: She’s clad in black armor and wields a massive lance.
Himeko: Word is that she’s the most powerful S-rank Valkyrie that we have.


Gameplay S3-9 - Durandal:
No story content.


Act 5 - Bumpy Road:
Gameplay 3-13 - Today’s S-rank:
No story content.


Gameplay 3-14 - Chaotic Land:
Himeko: Another piece of bad news.
Himeko: Schicksal satellites picked up 5 aerial battleships flying across the Pacific. Exact location unknown.
Mei: Aerial battleships? Could that be Anti-Entropy?
Himeko: Who else? Alright girls, give up your search if you run into Anti-Entropy.
Himeko: I’m not losing any of you on this chase.
Theresa: Kiana! Lemme give you a hand this time!
Theresa: Anti-Entropy is on the move? Sounds like a great opportunity to me. Heheh.
Kiana: Give me a hand? What do you mean, Aunt Theresa?
Theresa: You’ll know soon enough.


Gameplay S3-10 - Black Armor Lancer:
No story content.






Gameplay 3-15 - Bumpy Road:
Kiana: Found you! Wendy!
Wendy: Why follow me? Do you seek death?
Wendy: I spared you out of kindness. You have no idea who you’re dealing with.
Mei: Wendy, please come back with us!
Mei: It’s dangerous here! Schicksal deployed an S-rank Valkyrie to capture you. Anti-Entropy is coming, too!
Wendy: S-rank Valkyrie? Those with Herrscher-level powers?
Wendy: I really want to know if I can take on an S-rank myself.
Kiana: Hey, that’s so arrogant! You’ll have to get through me first!
Kiana: I was just careless. Even Herrschers are no match for me if I get serious.
Wendy: I won’t upset Bronya nor fight you. Stop following me.
Mei: She flew away again…


Gameplay S3-11 - Theresa’s Involvement:
Theresa: I just talked to Durandal.
Himeko: And?
Theresa: I got her coordinates.
Himeko: Talk about gullible, huh? I guess I can give her a star for honesty.
Theresa: Can’t help it. We must give Kiana and the girls more time.
Himeko: But exposing her location to the enemy? Durandal is supposed to be an ally…
Theresa: Ally? That nagging little brat is definitely no ally of mine! She gave me a really hard time back then!
Theresa: We’ll have to deal with Anti-Entropy anyway. Durandal can soften them up a bit.
Himeko: But you’re giving Anti-Entropy quite a bit of an advantage by telling them where she is.
Theresa: Oh. But Durandal is uber-powered, you know.
Himeko: You REALLY don’t like her, do you?


Gameplay S3-12 - Anti-Entropy’s Crew:
No story content.
















Act 6 - Chaotic Land:
Gameplay 3-16 - Wrong Guidance:
Himeko: Found Wendy? We’re out of time.
Himeko: The S-rank Valkyrie will arrive in New Zealand in 2 minutes, and Anti-Entropy battleships are coming too.
Kiana: Dammit! Are we running out of time?
Theresa: Don’t worry about the S-rank Valkyrie or Anti-Entropy.
Mei: Did you manage to stall the S-rank Valkyrie?
Theresa: No. I can’t do that. But I know where she is.
Kiana: Could that mean… What?
Theresa: That’s right. I aired the S-rank’s position on a public channel.
Theresa: I’m sure that Anti-Entropy intercepted my message.
Theresa: They probably went off-course to intercept the Valkyrie.
Kiana: So that’s what those explosions are from.
Theresa: Selling out one of our own doesn’t feel good, but she’ll be doing okay.
Theresa: I hope Anti-Entropy gave us more time.
Kiana: All right! It’s our turn now!


Gameplay S3-13 - Clock’s Ticking:
Theresa: Hmph! Alright. We’ve fooled the S-rank Valkyrie. You’ll have more time.
Kiana: Terrific. I love you, Aunt Theresa! Muuuuuaha~~~
Theresa: Stop playing coy and find that Wendy. NOW!
Kiana: I was really hoping to meet an S-rank Valkyrie.
Theresa: You should feel lucky, lazybones! She’d PT you to kingdom come if she was your instructor.
Kiana: PT? What’s that?
Theresa: PT stands for physical training. And she’s really good at that.
Theresa: Of the three S-rank Valkyries of Schicksal, two were naturally talented. Durandal got hers with hard work.
Theresa: To be on par with the other two Valkyries, Durandal was expected to put in 10 to 20 times the effort.
Theresa: But the truth was that she put in 100 times the effort.
Kiana: Maybe she was super untalented. Did it work for her?
Theresa: She thinks it did. She now believes that hard work can solve everything.
Theresa: If she knew you flunked your theory test, she’d force you to study 26 hours a day.
Theresa: She’ll get you through hundreds of practice questions. You can forget about sleeping.
Kiana: She sounds like an evil witch.
Kiana: Textbooks are written by the most boring people on Earth.


Gameplay 3-17 - Battle from Afar:
Kiana: Oh, do you or Aunt Theresa know that S-rank Valkyrie?
Theresa: Oh… I don’t know her very well, but I trained her for a while after she became an A-rank Valkyrie.
Kiana: A subordinate and her direct superior? Then you two SHOULD be close!
Theresa: Hmm… really? But things didn’t really turn out that way…
Kiana: The way you said that… I’m sure something weird happened between you two.
Theresa: Nothing weird happened between us two. I told you that she’s serious and believes in hard work, right?
Kiana: Yeah.
Theresa: She had the nerve to think that superior officers should be serious and believe in hard work too.
Theresa: Every time I tried to take a little break, she’d lecture me on and on.
Kiana: Gosh! I guess I should be thankful that Himeko is a slacker and deadbeat drunk…
Himeko: Hey. Kiana, stop thinking out loud.
Theresa: Anyway, I found a way to get her off my heels.
Kiana: A way? What way?
Theresa: That’s a secret. But it has to do with the keyword “Roland”.
Theresa: Once she opens her trap, I’d say the word “Roland” to shut her up.


Gameplay S3-14 - Lost Wind:
Theresa: KYAAA! We’re in trouble!
Kiana: What’s wrong, Theresa?
Theresa: Durandal messaged me. She sent Anti-Entropy packing.
Himeko: I guess S-rank Valkyries are indeed powerful.
Theresa: She asked me about the Anti-Entropy ambush since I’m the only one who knew her location.
Mei: Let’s walk away with the lesson that lying is wrong.
Theresa: Think of something smart to say! Quick! Or else!
Kiana: Or else?
Theresa: Or else… she might not report this, but she’ll be here and nag at us for a day.
Himeko: Oh. I’ll avoid your office when she comes by, then.
Theresa: Hey, Himeko I am not leaving you out of this!












Gameplay S3-15 - Fear Nothing:
Theresa: Any smart excuses for Durandal? I need one quick!
Mei: I thought of one, Principal. Tell her that there’s an Anti-Entropy mole in Schicksal.
Theresa: We can’t do that. It’ll create a huge mess with Schicksal.
Bronya: Bronya thinks we should t - (text cut-off, and these early kinds of cutscenes don’t have the history tab so I can’t see what she said)
Bronya: Anti-Entropy initiated this Honkai incident to lure and ambush an S-rank Valkyrie. She was marked from the start.
Bronya: The Bronya thinks this will work.
Theresa: Good, but the logical flaw is that Anti-Entropy would have sent better troops if that was their aim from the start.
Kiana: Hey, listen to my brilliant idea!
Kiana: I noticed that Durandal took the Gold Coast Oceanfront Line to get here.
Kiana: We’ll tell her that Anti-Entropy was on holiday and happened to bump into her…
Himeko: That’s the dumbest and most idiotic thing I’ve ever heard of.
Theresa: It might actually work. It has zero logical flaws. Leme try this. Wait.
Himeko: How did it go? She’s coming to nag at us, right?
Theresa: She actually bought it. People say she’s honest and frank. If you ask me, I think she’s just an idiot!
Kiana: I feel like Durandal is a very reasonable person. Perhaps we can be friends. Wait, did you just call someone an idiot?


Gameplay 3-18 - So Close, Yet So Far:
Wendy: You girls don’t know when to give up. I’ll have to teach you a lesson!
Kiana: Hey, that’s my line!
Mei: Wendy, please trust us. You’re not yourself. The Honkai is misleading you.
Bronya: Wait, subject Kiana. The Bronya wants to talk to subject Wendy.
Wendy: No! Stop! I don’t want to talk with you, Bronya!
Bronya: The Bronya remembers a younger sister named Seele back in the orphanage. Subject Wendy reminds me of her.
Bronya: Seele was strong and kind, like subject Wendy.
Bronya: Seele was corrupted by the Honkai, but she fought hard and got herself back.
Bronya: The Bronya endured a lot of pain during the modifications… and still suffers to this day...
Bronya: But there is still hope. The Bronya understands subject Wendy’s pain.
Bronya: The Bronya knows subject Wendy can overcome this pain.
Bronya: Do not give up. The Bronya believes in you.
Wendy: I… I trust you too, Bronya…
Wendy: Okay! I’ll give myself another chance!
Mei: Great! Wendy came back to us.
Kiana: Phew. That was really close. Alright, back to the Hyperion.
Kiana: We’re all kick-ass Valkyries. If you get controlled by the Honkai again, I’ll defeat you in no time.
Bronya: Don’t worry, subject Wendy. The Bronya will take you home.
Wendy: Bronya, can I sit on your robot again? Can I?
Bronya: No problem. Project Bunny 19C: activate!
Cocolia: Bronya, your Matushka commands you to recover the 4th Herrscher.
Cocolia: The 4th Herrscher is an important test subject. We can’t let Schicksal get hold of her. We must destroy her if we can’t get her back.
Bronya: No… No!!!
Cocolia: You rebellious little brat.
Cocolia: No matter. You can’t fight it. By the highest level of authority: Delay the 4th Herrscher if you can’t defeat it. Our main forces will be here shortly.
Bronya: By the highest level of authority: Project Bunny 19C, switch to attack mode. Target: 4th Herrscher
Kiana: Stop! Bronya! What are you doing?
Wendy: Bronya? Why did you attack me?
Wendy: Everything you told me was a lie, wasn’t it? No one… there’s no one I can trust…


CG plays wherein the Anti-Entropy troops catch up with the group, with Cocolia overriding Bronya’s biochip to force her to do her bidding in capturing both Wendy and Mei:
Wendy: Ugh, you are tenacious.
Kiana: Ha! Tenacious is my middle name!
Kiana: I could do this all day!
Cocolia: What a pity… I’ve got no more time for you!
Cocolia: All tactical mechas, invisible mode off! Target: the 4th Herrscher!
Wendy: Aargh!
Mei: No way! One hit and the Herrscher went down!
Cocolia: The new tactical mecha is something else.
Cocolia: Well, I HAVE TO thank you for wearing her down first.
Cocolia: Oh, right, I almost forgot - there’s another Herrscher right here.
Cocolia: Bronya, my sweet daughter, capture the 3rd Herrscher for me.














Kiana: Huh?
Bronya: Yes, Matushka.
Kiana: Mei! Bronya!
Mei: Wh-Why?
Bronya: Mei Raiden has been apprehended. One target remains.
Bronya: Schicksal troops detected. Approaching with high velocity.
Cocolia: Humph, guess you got lucky this time. All units… retreat!
Himeko didn’t arrive in time.
Kiana was the only one she managed to rescue, while Mei and Wendy were taken by the Anti-Entropy troops.
Heart heavy with regret, Kiana had to return to St. Freya High School and devise a plan to rescue Mei with the help of Theresa and Himeko.




















































Game Ch IV: Betrayal Has a Silvery Smile


Act 1 - Breaking into ME Corp:
Gameplay 4-1 - Breaking into ME Corp:
Theresa: Kiana! ME Corp is up ahead. Ready to break in?
Kiana: Of course. Eh? Why is Theresa leading this operation? Where’s Aunt Himeko?
Himeko: I heard that, young lady. I won’t let you off that easily if I hear that again.
Himeko: ME Corp is a very dangerous place, so I’m coming in with you.
Himeko: If you went in by yourself, you’d be deader than dead.
Theresa: I’ll join you, too! After all, it takes three Valkyries to form a complete lineup.
Kiana: Himeko, I can’t thank you enough.
Himeko: Just keep smiling. Alright, wipe that disgusting grin off your face. I’ll settle for a “thank you”. Gosh.
Theresa: Alright, enough chit-chat for now. Here’s the mission briefing.
Theresa: Our intel department confirmed that Mei, Bronya, and Wendy, all captured by Anti-Entropy…
Theresa: ...Are now being imprisoned in the ME Corp HQ building. Unfortunately, Schicksal is not prepared to declare war on Anti-Entropy yet.
Theresa: But we shouldn’t be putting up with this crap anyway!
Theresa: Our primary goal is to infiltrate the building and rescue our Valkyries, and do naughty stuff along the way.
Kiana: Understood!
Himeko: Naughty stuff along the way… Sister Theresa, you sound as if…
Theresa: ...I knew I had to use a harder word for that. Anyway, Major Himeko and I will be joining this mission.
Theresa: But the HQ building is heavily guarded. Be prepared.
Theresa: Scout the building’s perimeters and find a way in.


Gameplay S4-1 - Regroup Valkyrie Team:
Theresa: Kiana, you knew that Bronya was being controlled, right?
Kiana: Ah? I… really… didn’t.
Theresa: Oh? Really?
Kiana: Ugh… I guess I can’t hide it forever. Bronya was controlled before when we were carrying out that mission on the Selene.
Theresa: You didn’t report this in order to protect Bronya?
Theresa: Lying for your friends… yeah, that’s very Kaslana. It reminds me of your idiot Dad.
Theresa: He used to say that seeing people getting hurt made his Kaslana blood boil.
Theresa: Then he’d just snap.
Kiana: Yeah! That’s how the old man talked.
Kiana: In the end, it’s Anti-Entropy’s fault. They made Bronya into that!
Theresa: But does Schicksal stand for justice?
Theresa: Schicksal transformed girls into Valkyries to fight the Honkai, but the girls would suffer Honkai corruption.
Theresa: Valkyries with poor adaptability will die young.
Kiana: I… I don’t know…
Theresa: Justice is often opposed by another form of justice.
Theresa: Anti-Entropy has their own objectives as well. I don’t see anything wrong with working towards a goal.
Theresa: Kaslana justice is the best justice there is. They will gladly sacrifice themselves to protect others.
Theresa: Don’t ever forget that, Kiana.


Gameplay 4-2 - ME’s CEO:
Theresa: Any findings?
Himeko: Nothing. The HQ building is well guarded. There are troops at every entry. Well, it is ME Corp, after all.
Theresa: This is harder than I thought.
Kiana: Principal, there’s something I want to ask you.
Kiana: The news was talking about Ryoma Raiden, the CEO of ME Corp. Is he Mei’s Dad?
Kiana: Why would Anti-Entropy imprison Mei in her father’s company?
Theresa: That’s true. Never thought you’d watch the news. But you should know that you can’t trust the news anyway.
Kiana: Hey, wait, is this top secret or something?
Himeko: It’s secret, but not top secret. We’ve gotten to the bottom of it.
Himeko: Officially, Ryoma Raiden was arrested for economic crimes, but he was actually framed by Anti-Entropy.
Theresa: Schicksal and Anti-Entropy maintained peace while Ryoma Raiden led ME Corp.
Theresa: But Cocolia wrested directorship of ME Corp from him.
Theresa: Cocolia is a radical extremist who’d do anything to undermine us.
Himeko: I bet Cocolia was behind it all.
Kiana: Cocolia… I think I heard that name somewhere.










Gameplay S4-2 - Break-In Method:
No story content.


Gameplay S4-3 - Game of Power:
No story content.


Act 2 - An Unsettling Pursuit:
Gameplay 4-3 - Bronya’s Message:
Theresa: Hmm… I can’t find a way in.
Himeko: We’ve been sitting outside ME Corp forever!
Himeko: Anti-Entropy will eventually find us snooping around. Let’s retreat for now.
Kiana: No way! I can’t give up like this! I’m not heading back! I’ll go in alone and rescue Mei!
Theresa: Kiana, being hot-headed won’t solve anything.
Bronya: Calm down, subject Kiana.
Kiana: Nevermind. Since you are all so adamant about this, count me in and let’s do it then- Wait, Bronya? It’s Bronya!
Bronya: ME Corp is heavily guarded, but the Bronya can bring you in.
Kiana: Awesome! We’ve been trying to do that for ages!
Himeko: Wait! We can’t trust her! Mei was captured because Anti-Entropy controlled her.
Himeko: Isn’t it rather suspicious that she came looking for us now?
Bronya: Trust the Bronya, Major Himeko. The Bronya wants Mei rescued.
Kiana: Himeko, I don’t think Bronya is being controlled right now.
Kiana: I bet Bronya wants to rescue Mei as well.
Theresa: Alright, since you girls are so adamant about this… what the hell. Count me in.
Bronya: Head to access C7 of the building.


Gameplay S4-4 - Assistance? Or Trap?:
No story content.


















Gameplay 4-4 - Unsettling Feeling:
Kiana: Something doesn’t feel right.
Himeko: Are you worried about Bronya? It could be a trap.
Theresa: So what? I’m in the team. I won’t be stopped by no traps!
Theresa: We’ll just smash through the walls if it’s a trap.
Kiana: Theresa’s so hyped today.
Himeko: She hasn’t been doing any field work for a while.
Kiana: Theresa used to be a Valkyrie herself.
Himeko: Yes, she was. She was a bit reckless, but she’s very, very strong.
Himeko: She was given the S-rank Valkyrie promotion, but she turned it down because…
Theresa: Hey, Himeko! ‘Nough with the gossip!
Theresa: All Kiana has to know is that I kick ass. Let’s move on!


Gameplay S4-5 - Dilemma:
No story content.


Gameplay S4-6 - Reckless Theresa:
No story content.


Act 3 - Mei’s Crisis:
Gameplay 4-5 - Anti-Entropy’s Research:
Kiana: These mechs are strong! Valkyries like us could retire if Schicksal could come up with mechs like these.
Theresa: Unfortunately, that’s not possible. Schicksal tried developing autonomous Honkai-powered weapons, but failed.
Theresa: These autonomous units only had a Honkai usage efficiency of 20%.
Theresa: The structural integrity of the units was also corroded by the unstable Honkai energy, and they had to be scrapped after 1 or 2 uses.
Theresa: It’s just too expensive to use.
Himeko: Schicksal research proved that a Valkyrie’s body is the best vessel and converter of Honkai energy.
Himeko: Honkai is only stable within a Valkyrie’s body.












Theresa: The only problem is that a Valkyrie’s body will be continuously corrupted by the Honkai.
Theresa: Her lifespan is greatly reduced. Many Valkyries die young.
Kiana: I know that already, but I still don’t think that Anti-Entropy is doing the right thing.
Himeko: Despite heavy investments, Anti-Entropy could only get Honkai usage efficiency to 20% as well.
Himeko: But they simply refused to use people as Honkai carriers.
Theresa: Perhaps the founders of Anti-Entropy were more human than the leaders of Schicksal. How unfortunate…


Gameplay S4-7 - Complicated Humans:
Theresa: Stop, Siegfried!
Kiana: Huh? Theresa, who’re you calling?
Theresa: Ah, sorry. Just watching you reminds me of the time when I fought alongside your Dad.
Kiana: You fought alongside the old man? Tell me more about him, Aunt Theresa!
Theresa: He was a hot-headed maverick who wouldn’t follow orders. His tactic was to charge into battle and ask questions later.
Theresa: He’s an idiot, too. He can’t even remember the activation code of his battleship.
Theresa: And he’s a womanising scumbag. He harassed every Valkyrie on the Hyperion.
Kiana: Harassed? I wish I could do that too…
Theresa: There ARE good things about him, though…
Theresa: But I’ll tell you when the mission is over. This isn’t the best time for chit-chat.
Kiana: Alright. Let’s hope you remember.


Gameplay 4-6 - Anti-Entropy’s Founder:
No story content.


Gameplay S4-8 - To: Building Entrance:
No story content.
















Gameplay 4-7 - Mei’s Crisis:
Himeko: Bronya, we’re at entrance C7 now.
Bronya: Password received: XCVF. Verifying. Gate opened.
Kiana: It’s open! Awesome!
Himeko: Be careful when you enter.
Bronya: The Bronya is sending you the building blueprints. Mei is being held in the labs at Floor 3.
Bronya: The Bronya will be there to open the lab doors. Hurry.
Bronya: The researchers are preparing to surgically remove the Herrscher Core from Mei.        - (Technically it’s not actually a Core of Thunder, and is instead the Gem of Conquest, as was implied by Theresa in the side stages of chapter 3)
Kiana: I won’t let that happen! Don’t worry. Let’s head to the labs, ASAP!
Kiana: Mei, we’re coming for you!


Gameplay S4-9 - Destination: Lab:
No story content.


Act 4 - Betrayal has a Silvery Smile:
Gameplay 4-8 - No Turning Back:
Bronya: Password received: GHDD. Verifying. Gates opened.
Himeko: The path to the lab is open.
Kiana: Wait! The gate behind us just closed!
Kiana: This IS a trap, after all! There’s no turning back!
Cocolia: I keep hearing “Kiana Idiotka”, but it seems that you’re pretty vigilant at times.
Kiana: That voice… you’re the one controlling Bronya?
Theresa: You must be Cocolia!
Cocolia: I am that very Cocolia. You must be Theresa Apocalypse.
Cocolia: Didn’t expect for Schicksal to send a big shot here.
Cocolia: Your reputation as a great Valkyrie precedes you, but I didn’t expect you to walk into such an obvious trap.
Theresa: Tsk. People say that you’re a sly fox. And you ARE!
Theresa: The bait was too good for us to pass up on.
Himeko: Though walking into a trap isn’t exactly ideal, it HAS made things simpler.
Himeko: We’ll just barge our way into the labs, rescue Mei, and tear down ME Corp on our way out.
Cocolia: Hmph. You sure know how to blow your horn, girl.
Himeko: You’ll find out soon enough!
Cocolia: I’ll wait for you at the labs. Try not to get killed, or I’ll be mighty disappointed.






Gameplay 4-9 - Simple Target:
No story content.


Gameplay 4-10 - Rush to the Lab:
CG plays wherein Bronya resists Cocolia’s control by burning the biochip implanted in her brain, giving Kiana the chance to take Mei and run, at the risk of her own life:
Kiana: Give me back Mei!
Cocolia: Humph, you people have no idea what the TRUEvalue of a Herrscher is.
Cocolia: Once we figure out how Herrschers control natural forces, human technology will advance by leaps and bounds.
Cocolia: Bronya, stop them!
Kiana: Bronya, don’t listen to her! Wake up!
Bronya: The Bronya lost her parents at a very young age.
Bronya: For the Bronya, Miss Cocolia is her Matushka.
Bronya: But then the Bronya met Mei, and Mei has always treated the Bronya kindly. The Bronya doesn’t want to hurt Mei.
Bronya: So… The Bronya will not fight anymore!
Bronya: Kiana, take Mei and go!
Bronya: The Bronya…
Bronya: ...Has burned the biochip.
Cocolia: Are you kidding me?! That chip was implanted in your brain!
Cocolia: Are you trying to kill yourself?!
Bronya: The Bronya values Mei’s life more than her own.
Bronya: The Bronya will no longer accept any order to hurt Mei.
Bronya: Goodbye… Mei…
Bronya: Kiana, please keep Mei safe…


Gameplay S4-10 - Cunning Fox:
No story content.


Gameplay S4-11 - Fearless Warrior:
No story content.


Gameplay S4-12 - Betrayal has a Silvery Smile:
No story content.










Act 5 - Fight Against Despair:
Gameplay 4-11 - Unmanipulatible Mind:
Kiana: Mei, wake up! Wake up!
Mei: Where… Where am I? Oh, Kiana!
Kiana: Awesome! You’re finally awake!
Mei: What happened? Bronya… she’s down!
Kiana: Bronya… she took a critical injury trying to save you. She’s in a coma.
Mei: What…? How…?
Cocolia: Dammit!
Himeko: Even the most powerful tech could not enslave our minds. We should get out of here.
Theresa: Bronya’s brain may have been damaged, but this is no cause for despair.
Theresa: We’ll take her back to St. Freya for treatment. There’s a good chance that we can cure her.
Cocolia: I won’t let you girls leave like this.
Cocolia: Tsk. Never mind. I still have the 4th Herrscher. I’ll just speed up the experiment.
Kiana: Wait! What are you doing to Wendy?


Gameplay 4-12 - Don’t Let Her Down:
No story content.


Gameplay 4-13 - Unbearable Hatred:
No story content.


Gameplay S4-13 - Fight Against Despair:
No story content.


Gameplay S4-14 - Closing In:
Theresa: Kiana, watching you fight reminded me of my own Kaslana blood.
Kiana: Kaslana blood? I thought you were from House Apocalypse, Aunt Theresa.
Theresa: What? Himeko didn’t tell you? I thought everyone knew.
Theresa: I was grown in a lab. Part of my genes came from a legendary Kaslana.
Kiana: Hey… that makes you… my grandma or something, right?
Theresa: Nonsense! I’m the World’s #1 Cutie!
Kiana: But you said that you fought alongside the old man… you should be pretty old, right?
Theresa: Why are you so smart at times like this?




Gameplay S4-15 - Valkyrie’s Fiasco:
No story content.


Act 6 - Wotan’s Dirge:
Gameplay 4-14 - Wendy’s Message:
Wendy: I want to talk to Bronya.
Kiana: Wendy! How did you get into this channel? Where are you? We’re coming to save you.
Wendy: I know.
Theresa: Bronya’s injured. She can’t talk right now.
Theresa: I can pass along your message as soon as she wakes up.
Wendy: Back in New Zealand, Bronya only attacked me because she was being controlled.
Wendy: I want her to know that I’ve learned the truth.
Wendy: I will not hate her. Never. But I’ll probably not see her again.


Gameplay 4-15 - Sad Ending:
Wendy: It’s been a while, Instructor Theresa.
Theresa: We haven’t talked since you got transferred to Oceania.
Wendy: I want to know something… but…
Theresa: I know. I was the one who recommended you to the Gem of Desire experiment.
Theresa: You were my… best student.
Wendy: I guessed right…
Theresa: Apologies won’t be enough. But sacrifices must be made to save more people.
Theresa: This is why I continue to bear this cross.
Wendy: Instructor Theresa, you look so uncaring, but you’re always trying to be strong.
Wendy: Let me thank you for all our guidance.


Gameplay S4-16 - An Unwilling Retreat:
No story content.
















Gameplay 4-16 - Steel Robot:
Wendy: Kiana.
Kiana: Wendy!
Wendy: I don’t have much time left. I need to tell you something.
Wendy: The Honkai energy inside the Gem of Desire allowed me to walk again a few days ago.
Wendy: That energy can help Bronya recover.
Wendy: Of course, you’ll need to get the Gem of Desire first… please…
Kiana: Wendy! Wendy! ...she’s gone…


Gameplay S4-17 - Heartbroken:
No story content.


Gameplay 4-17 - Wotan’s Dirge:
Cocolia: Hello there! Like my little gift?
Mei: What gift? Letting Wendy talk to us?
Cocolia: I would expect you girls to be grateful. Those were Wendy’s last words to Bronya.
Kiana: Last words?
Cocolia: Oh, I think I forgot to tell you. I’ve killed the 4th Herrscher.
Kiana: What… What?!
Mei: Why?
Cocolia: I’ve taken out the Herrscher Core within her, the Gem of Desire.
Theresa: You can’t use the Gem even if you wanted to!
Cocolia: Perhaps Schicksal’s inept tech can’t.
Cocolia: But I developed the tech to empower a mecha with the Gem of Desire ages ago.
Cocolia: I’d like to thank Schicksal for kindly handing the Gem to me.
Kiana: You lunatic! You killed an innocent girl to get a power source!
Cocolia: Wendy always wished to exact her vengeance on Schicksal. I merely saw it through.
Cocolia: I’m the one who recorded her last message to Bronya.
Cocolia: But I guess you can’t convey this message now.
Kiana: Try me!
Mei: Kiana! Watch out!
Theresa: Unbelievable! It managed to power this giant mecha!
Cocolia: Alright, have fun playing with my newest toy! MSR-7 Wotan!
Cocolia: I hope you can help me provide enough combat data. Take care, girls.




CG plays wherein the events that occur after the ending of the fight with Wotan are explained:
After a fierce battle, Wotan, the behemoth mecha of Anti-Entropy, was finally defeated.
Kiana and the others managed to flee the ME Corp Headquarters.
Though the team succeeded in saving Mei, they weren’t able to bring back Wendy.
Bronya never woke up, and even the medical experts at St. Freya couldn’t do anything for her.
To save Bronya, Theresa entered the central church in St. Freya.
The most advanced biotech Schicksal ever developed is kept beneath the church.
Not even the principal of St. Freya has access to it.




























































Game Ch V: Tundra Reunion


Act 1 - Middle of Nowhere:
Gameplay 5-1 - A Dream in the Clouds:
CG plays wherein the events between the last chapter and this one are explained, with even more added onto it than the previous CG:
Previously, to save Mei Raiden from the grasp of Cocolia, Kiana and the others infiltrated the ME Corp Headquarters.
The only thing standing between them and Mei Raiden was Bronya, who was under Cocolia’s control.
During the battle, Bronya destroyed the biochip implanted in her brain, freeing herself from Cocolia’s control.
But after the biochip was destroyed, she fell into a coma.
Even St. Freya’s best doctors couldn’t help wake her up.
To save Bronya, Theresa headed into St. Freya’s underground church, where the most advanced Schicksal biotech is kept…
Theresa: Search for data on “biochip brain implant”.
SYSTEM: 713 search results found in the Schicksal Core Database.
SYSTEM: 712 entries are classified as top secret due to their implications with the “Sirin Project”, and cannot be accessed.
Theresa: Ugh, must be Grandpa’s doing. Well, what about the only non-classified entry?
SYSTEM: The entry was logged on February 7th, 2000, at the Babylon Labs, Siberia.
Theresa: February 7th, 2000… Darn it, that cursed day! Database, show me everything about it.
SYSTEM: Yes, Principal Theresa.
Kiana: Huh? The screen is starting to disappear. I must get in now!
SYSTEM: Virtual space construction complete. Time: 15:00, February 7th, 2000. Location: Babylon Labs, Siberia.
Kiana: Where… am I?


















Kiana: Hello? Anyone? Dammit. There’s no signal here. What is this place?
Kiana: I was right behind Theresa, but she’s gone as well!
Kiana: All I can see is that tower. I guess I’ll head over and check it out.
Kiana: Never seen this much snow before. We used to live in a snowy village when Dad was around.
Kiana: I really miss the snow fights with Dad. His snowball managed to smash through a massive 7-feet stone block!
Kiana: Hey wait, was he trying to murder me with that?
Kiana: What was he thinking?
Kiana: Then that stupid old man just vanished 4 years ago…
Kiana: Tried looking for him in Europe and Asia. Nothing.
Kiana: I wonder what he’s up to now. Kinda miss him, really.


Gameplay S5-1 - Arctic Snowland:
No story content.


Gameplay 5-2 - Hope in Despair:
Kiana: Can’t remember how long I’ve been trudging through this snow. This place looks so desolate.
Kiana: Ugh… Never expected to feel lonely myself.
Kiana: Why do I feel this loneliness? I’ve been doing well on my own since the old man disappeared.
Kiana: I just want to get back to dinners with Mei and video gaming with Bronya.
Kiana: Even Theresa’s crazy hell-on-Earth training was better than this… and Aunt Himeko getting into my bed naked…
Kiana: Wait, wasn’t that line supposed to be censored? Grr. Whatever. I just miss everyone.
Kiana: That tower is still so far away. Am I lost or something?
Kiana: I hope I won’t be trapped here forever. It’s so lonely down here.
Kiana: Reminds me of the day when the old man went missing. No one replied. No one waited for me.
Kiana: Now I’m in the snow, all by myself.
Kiana: I shouldn’t say that! It’s all different now. Everyone’s waiting for me.
Kiana: Mei, Himeko, Theresa, and even the mighty Bronya! I’ll see them again soon!


Gameplay S5-2 - Lonely Hell:
No story content.






Gameplay 5-3 - Trace:
Kiana: Eh? The device picked something up.
Theresa: Failed to intercept the target. I’m injured fighting her. Currently immobile.
Theresa: Target is heading to Babylon Labs. All Valkyries, make your way to the target location ASAP!
Kiana: That’s Theresa’s voice!
Kiana: She shouldn’t be that far away! I gotta go and see her!


Gameplay 5-4 - Encounter:
CG plays wherein the simulated Theresa meets Kiana, and believes her to be an illusion of the 2nd Herrscher, preparing for combat:
Theresa: Darn it, I underestimated her power. Never thought that the 2nd Herrscher would grow so strong so fast.
Theresa: I must complete my somatic regen now. I must… destroy the 2nd Herrscher before Grandpa dispatches Cecilia.
Kiana: Aunt Theresa, who did this to you?
Theresa: Huh? Who are you?
Kiana: You were hurt in the head too? We’ve only been apart for minutes… I’m your niece, Kiana.
Theresa: Kiana… Kiana Kaslana?
Theresa: Humph! Darn you, 2nd Herrscher, for using an illusion to confuse me!
Theresa: Am I really that gullible? Kiana is only one year old!
Theresa: Die, illusion!


































Theresa: Wait! Were you using the gun kata skills of House Kaslana?
Kiana: Yeah.
Theresa: Who taught you that?
Kiana: My Dad, of course.
Theresa: Your Dad?
Kiana: Siegfried! Siegfried Kaslana!
Theresa: That’s odd. She said she’s Kiana, but Kiana just celebrated her 1st birthday.
Kiana: 1st birthday? Oh right. System time read February 7, 2000 when I came in.
Kiana: Maybe she’s Theresa from the year 2000. No wonder she didn’t recognise me.
Theresa: I know what I have to do. You must be Siegfried’s ill-begotten bastard daughter!
Kiana: Huh?
Theresa: I knew it! That guy is a dirty womanising scumbag! Never thought he’d end up being that big of a bastard!
Theresa: That’s why you’re calling me aunt.
Kiana: Hey! Stop calling me a bastard!
Theresa: Poor child. I know it’s hard. But this is your Dad’s fault… oooh, that evil scumbag!
Kiana: Never mind, Theresa’s too stupid to understand my explanations.
Kiana: I’ll just admit it and let her take me out of this place.
Kiana: That’s a safe assumption. That evil scumbag abandoned my mother and I four years ago. My mother died afterwards.
Kiana: I came here to look for him.
Theresa: Poor girl. Don’t worry. I’ll help you exact justice!
Theresa: But let’s get out of this dangerous place first.
Theresa: Once this mission is over, I’ll have Siegfried arrested and teach him a lesson!




























Gameplay 5-5 - Getting Ready for Battle:
Theresa: Command, this is Theresa Apocalypse. I need a report on the 2nd Herrscher.
Operator: Master Theresa! Great to hear back from you.
Operator: Our radars lost track of the 2nd Herrscher after your fight with her.
Theresa: The 2nd Herrscher is heading for the Tower for the Honkai energy there to complete her awakening.
Theresa: Have the Valkyries secure the Tower and tell them to report to Command if they detect her.
Theresa: And tell them to avoid engaging the 2nd Herrscher. Right, where’s Siegfried Kaslana?
Operator: Master Siegfried just got to the temporary outpost and is standing by.
Theresa: Alrighty. I’ll head over there to rendezvous with him!
Kiana: Theresa, is that faraway thing the “Tower” that you just mentioned?
Theresa: Yeah. Its official name is the Babylon Labs. It’s a massive research base built by Schicksal in Siberia.
Theresa: The Tower houses the latest bio, materials, computing, and energy techs of Schicksal.
Kiana: Energy tech?
Theresa: Yeah. It has the world’s only massive-scale Honkai reactor with an output of 2000 HW.
Kiana: 2000HW?! Whoah! That’s even bigger than the Hyperion’s reactor core!
Theresa: Hyperion? What’s that? Never heard of a Hyperion core, but…
Theresa: ...The name does sound cool for a battleship.
Kiana: Uh oh. I think I changed history right there.
Theresa: The 2nd Herrscher has awakened, but she’ll need more Honkai energy to get stronger.
Theresa: We think that she’ll be heading to the Tower to get more energy. If she succeeds, nothing in this world can stop her.
Theresa: We must take her out before she gets there.
Kiana: 2nd Herrscher… Siberia… the year 2000… Hey, I remember hearing this somewhere.
Kiana: Oh yeah, that annoying dream voice kept talking about this when I dozed off at the Selene.
Kiana: The 2nd Honkai War against the 2nd Herrscher took place in Siberia in the year 2000.
Kiana: My Mum, Cecilia, was killed in that battle.








Act 2 - Divided by Choice:
Gameplay 5-6 - Awakened Memory:
Kiana: Theresa! Theresa!
Theresa: Hey, stop shouting, girl!
Kiana: I wanna ask you something. Is Cecilia… Cecilia Schariac in this mission as well?
Theresa: Where did you hear about Cecilia?
Kiana: ‘Cus she’s the Valkyrie I respect the most?
Theresa: Okay… well, Cecilia won’t be coming to Siberia.
Theresa: She’s on maternity leave, you know. She just gave birth a year ago, but…
Kiana: But what?
Theresa: If Siegfried and I can’t stop the 2nd Herrscher, Overseer Otto Apocalypse might deploy her.
Theresa: I won’t let that happen! I’ll protect Cecilia!
Kiana: That’s right. Let’s protect her!


Gameplay S5-3 - Frost Tower:
No story content.


Gameplay 5-7 - Decision Making:
Kiana: Oh yeah, Theresa, I’ve got another favor to ask.
Kiana: Don’t let Siegfried know that I’m his… ehem… daughter.
Theresa: Oh? Why?
Kiana: Hmm… we’re at a crucial moment of the mission… it might get him in trouble with Mum… I mean, Cecilia.
Kiana: I’ll just handle family affairs after this mission. Please!
Theresa: That’s very considerate. You’re definitely my niece.
What’s this shaking?
Siegfried: What is this damn thing? Go to hell!!
























Gameplay 5-8 - To: Command Post:
CG plays wherein Theresa and Kiana rendezvous with Siegfried, and come up with a plan of action:
Siegfried: Hey! Theresa, you’re finally here. I heard you ran into the 2nd Herrscher, and I was worried for a bit!
Theresa: Well, that’s very sweet of you, pervert.
Siegfried: Alright, alright. So, who is this beautiful young lady by your side, if I may ask?
Siegfried: Young lady, if you’d allow me, I would love to buy you a drink.
Theresa: Siegfried, stop wasting our time. Now tell me, what the heck is going on?
Siegfried: Well, there’s bad news, and then there’s very bad news.
Siegfried: The bad news is that a Valkyrie squad is out there searching for the 2nd Herrscher, but there’s been nothing from them yet.
Siegfried: The very bad news is that thanks to the lack of progress, Overseer Otto has dispatched Cecilia.
Theresa: What?! But Cecilia is in no condition to fight right now!
Siegfried: She’ll be here in 30 minutes.
Siegfried: We must find and eliminate the 2nd Herrscher before that.
Siegfried: Haha, looks like the gods haven’t abandoned us just yet.
Operator: Reporting in. We have heard from Valkyries in Zone 0-23 and Zone O-17. They found traces of the 2nd Herrscher in both areas.
Theresa: Darn it, at least one of them is a distraction for sure.
Siegfried: We don’t have any other choice. I’ll go to Zone O-23, and you head to Zone 0-17. Whoever finds the 2nd Herrscher gets to take her down.
Theresa: Kiana, you stay. It’s safer here.
Siegfried: Ah? Kiana?
Kiana: Yes, Kiana. Sorry, I just happen to have the same name as your daughter.
Kiana: But I will not stand idle. I want to fight as well!
Theresa: But…
Kiana: You just saw me fight. You know I won’t slow you down.
Siegfried: I’m okay with this. I can tell from her eyes that she’s a great warrior.
Siegfried: Theresa, just bring her along.
Theresa: Fine.
Kiana: Oh yeah, there’s something else.
Siegfried: Ouch!
Kiana: Humph, once I knock down the 2nd Herrscher, there’s more for you where that came from!
Kiana: Just wait for it, old… I mean, Siegfried, Siegfried Kaslana!




Kiana: So we’ve gotta take down the 2nd Herrscher real quick, or else…
Theresa: Kiana, what’re you mumbling about?
Kiana: I’m worried about Cecilia. She’s unwell… but they might force her to fight…
Theresa: Still worried about Cecilia? Don’t worry. Siegfried and I will do our best.
Theresa: He’s a sorry excuse for a human being, but he’s actually pretty in love with Cecilia.
Theresa: Kiana,do you know why he wants you to team up with me?
Kiana: Why?
Theresa: He’s definitely going to use the Judgment of Shamash once the 2nd Herrscher appears.
Kiana: The Judgment of Shamash?!
Theresa: The Judgment will devour everything in a sea of fire, including the user themselves. He doesn’t want you to see that.
Kiana: Stupid old man…


Gameplay 5-9 - Toxic Bait:
Theresa: This is Zone 0-17… these are pieces of Valkyrie battlesuits… She’s killed every Valkyrie in this area…
Theresa: The shredded battlesuits are still giving off signals… Command must think that the 2nd Herrscher is still here.
Theresa: Curses… this 2nd Herrscher can even control our battlesuits. What is she made of?
Kiana: Theresa! Focus on the objective. The 2nd Herrscher is at Zone 0-23. We must head over quickly. Wait! A large VTOL drone is heading our way.
Theresa: Hey, that’s the Anti-Honkai VTOL drone of Schicksal! Is the 2nd Herrscher controlling that as well?
Theresa: She’s trying to slow us down with the drone. Let’s take it down, Kiana.
Theresa: That fight really delayed us. If this is the bait, then the 2nd Herrscher should be at Zone O-23.
Theresa: Kiana, we must head over ASAP! Command, how long would it take us to get to O-23?
Operator: About 15 minutes.
Theresa: Have Siegfried delay the 2nd Herrscher. We must not let her get inside the Tower!












Act 3 - Judgment of Shamash:
Gameplay 5-10 - Ten Crucial Minutes:
Siegfried: Theresa, the Comms Officer just told me that the 2nd Herrscher is heading our way!
Siegfried: Hah. I think luck is on our side!
Theresa: Siegfried, don’t do anyhing stupid! We’re about 10 minutes away from you.
Siegfried: 10 minutes? By the way, Theresa… how long did it take for the 2nd Herrscher to defeat you?
Theresa: ...4 minutes and 50 seconds.
Siegfried: That sounds like bad news to me. I can see her now. I guess I’ll have to be 2 times better than you to keep her here for 10 minutes.
Theresa: If you can avoid fighting her head-on…
Siegfried: Forget it. I like to go in face-to-face. I’ll see if I can take down the 2nd Herrscher here.
Theresa: Hey! I knew you were planning to take her down with the Judgment of Shamash! Stop, Siegfried!
Siegfried: Of course. Take care, Theresa. Try to take care of Cecilia and Kiana for me.
Theresa: Wait! Stop, Siegfried!
Theresa: Siegfried! Don’t do anything crazy! Kiana, we must hurry up!
Kiana: Theresa, why are you so worked up about the Judgment of Shamash?
Theresa: The Judgment of Shamash is the heirloom of House Kaslana and one of the most destructive sacred relics of Schicksal.
Theresa: The Honkai seals of the pistols can be unlocked to create a fiery greatsword that incinerates any foe.
Kiana: Wow. Never knew the old to be packed with so much firepower… - (The text actually cuts itself off at “firepow”, but it’s pretty easy to assume what is being said)
Kiana: A fiery greatsword… wait, I think I’ve seen it before, right before Dad disappeared!
Theresa: What’s wrong, Kiana?
Kiana: ...I can’t remember. I just had a headache.
Theresa: The power of the fiery greatsword would incinerate the sword itself as well.
Theresa: Before Siegfried, three Kaslanas gave up their lives by using the Judgment of Shamash.
Kiana: What?! No way! I can’t let the stupid old man die here!


Gameplay S5-4 - Back and Forth:
No story content.


Gameplay S5-5 - Top Secret:
No story content.


Gameplay S5-6 - Martyr:
CG plays wherein Siegfried faces off against the 2nd Herrscher, having to resort to using the Cleaver of Shamash:
Siegfried: Haah… Haah… How is Theresa still not here yet? It must be because of her short, little legs, huh?
Sirin: Haha, human, you were able to fight with me for this long. You seem to be even stronger than that maiden.
Siegfried: Hmph, thanks for the compliment. But from the moment the fight began, I knew that even with Theresa’s help, we wouldn’t be able to defeat you.
Sirin: Humble you are, human. If you want to beg for mercy, I’ll consider letting you go.
Siegfried: I appreciate the thought, pretty lady.
Siegfried: But, I’ve already made my choice.
Siegfried: To protect the ones I love, I am willing to sacrifice everything, even my life!
Sirin: Why?! Why does your sword have so much power???!!!
Siegfried: It’s time for you to go to hell! Unleash! Judgment of Shamash!


Gameplay 5-11 - Shamash! Unleashed!:
Theresa: We’re almost at O-23! That man over there… wait, it’s Siegfried!
Kiana: That flaming crater… what made it?
Theresa: The Judgment of Shamash did.
Theresa: Dammit! He really did it!
Kiana: You told me that Dad would die if he uses the Judgment of Shamash!


Gameplay 5-12 - Move or Die:
Operator: Be careful, Master Theresa! We’re picking up powerful Honkai energy readings around you.
Kiana: Wait! There’s a Honkai beast in the crater! That beast survived the fire!
Theresa: Is that one of the 2nd Herrscher’s lackeys? Grr. It’s definitely not going to stop us!
Kiana: That beast got away!
Theresa: No time for that. We must stop the 3nd Herrscher from getting to the Tower. We can’t let Siegfried die in vain.
Theresa: That guy may be a disgusting, womanising, evil scumbag, but he doesn’t deserve to die here. Dammit!












Act 4 - Light of Salvation:
Gameplay 5-13 - Mother:
Kiana: Never knew that Theresa cared about Dad so much.
Cecilia: Never knew that you cared about my man so much, Theresa.
Theresa: Wha? It’s Cecilia! Are you in Siberia?
Kiana: It’s Cecilia… that’s how Mum sounds like…
Cecilia: Yeah. Got here right on time to get his butt out of trouble.
Theresa: Siegfried… he’s still alive?
Cecilia: Yes, but he doesn’t look good. He’s half burned up.
Cecilia: I’ll try curing him. You should get to the Tower. I’ll catch up with you shortly.
Theresa: Curing the burns caused by the Judgment of Shamash? You… you’re using the Abyss Flower! But your body…
Cecilia: You’re worrying too much. Relax, Theresa, I’ve got this.
Kiana: Cecilia… Cecilia… This is the first time I’ve ever heard Mum talk before.
Kiana: Hey, if I get to the Tower, I’ll get to see Mum, right?
Kiana: I… I’ve never seen my Mum before!
Theresa: Curses. I really messed up here. I couldn’t stop Cecilia’s deployment.
Kiana: Theresa, why are you trying to stop Cecilia’s deployment?
Theresa: Cecilia used to be the strongest Valkyrie… but she’s still recuperating from childbirth… if she joins the battle…
Kiana: Oh yeah! The dream voice told me that she would die in the 2nd Honkai War!
Kiana: No! I won’t let Mum die here! I don’t care if this is only a virtual digital world.




































Gameplay 5-14 - A Glorious Relief:
Cecilia: Theresa, I’ve got good news. My hubby will live another day.
Kiana: Good job, Mum! I mean… Cecilia! Never expected Shamash burns to be cured so quickly!
Theresa: That’s not good news. Only the powers of a Divine Key like the Abyss Flower can cure those burns.
Theresa: Using that relic will greatly deplete your vital forces.
Cecilia: Theresa, you worry too much. Look at me now, I’m pumped and ready to go.
Theresa: Stop joking! I know you’re down to less than half-strength after curing Siegfried!
Theresa: Fighting against the 2nd Herrscher…
Cecilia: Then I guess I’ll need you around to help, Theresa…
Theresa: Give up the fight! Cecilia, your health has been deteriorating all this while. I don’t want to lose you.
Cecilia: That’s impossible, Theresa. I must fight this and prevent the 2nd Herrscher from killing more people.
Cecilia: We are Valkyries. Defending humanity is our sacred duty. I’ll meet you at the Tower, Theresa.


Gameplay S5-7 - Dreadful Nightmare:
No story content.






































Gameplay 5-15 - Words Never Said:
Kiana: Ce… Cecilia! Why… why are you calling me?
Cecilia: This voice! I knew it! This is definitely Kiana!
Kiana: Oh?
Cecilia: I have a favor to ask.
Kiana: I’ll do anything you ask, Cecilia! I’ll put my life on the line for it!
Kiana: Just tell me what needs to be done!
Cecilia: It’s nothing serious. Try saying “Mum” to me.
Kiana: Ah? What? Why?
Cecilia: Please, just do this for me… Your voice sounds just like how I imagined my daughter’s voice to sound like when she grows up.
Kiana: Mum.
Cecilia: YAY! That totally made my day. Recording this ASAP.
Kiana: Cecilia, can I ask a favor of you as well? Can you… please give up this mission?
Cecilia: Oh? I’ll need to know why.
Kiana: Theresa said that you’re in poor health, and saving Siegfried has expended your strength…
Cecilia: Indeed. He was in pretty bad shape. And I’m not feeling too well these days. The 2nd Herrscher looks pretty strong on paper, too.
Cecilia: Just to be on the safe side… I have about an 80% chance of winning, right?
Kiana: 80%? But then why is Theresa so worried?
Cecilia: Because that’s what she does. Don’t worry, Kiana. “Mum” is a lot stronger than she looks.


Gameplay S5-8 - Love and Hope:
No story content.




























Gameplay 5-16 - Battle Prelude:
Theresa: Those are the Babylon Labs. No sign of the 2nd Herrscher. Could she be in the Tower already?
Kiana: Theresa! Watch out! It’s that Honkai beast again!
Theresa: Dammit! This guy just won’t die. It’s trying to buy the 2nd Herrscher some time. Let’s take it out together, Kiana!


CG plays wherein Cecilia arrives, using the Abyss Flower to quickly dispatch of Assaka with a single strike:
Theresa: Kiana, focus. We need to take it down quickly and enter the Tower.
Kiana: That’s… impressive. Only one hit and the Honkai beast went down!
Theresa: That’s Abyss Flower, the Divine Key that can dematerialise anything.
Cecilia: Good work, Theresa, and sorry for stealing your prey.
Theresa: Heh, that’s the Cecilia I remember. The strongest Schicksal Valkyrie ever.
Cecilia: Drop it, Theresa… you know I can’t handle compliments.
Cecilia: And this young lady by your side must be Kiana.
Kiana: Ce… Cecilia… Mum…














































Game Ch VI Babylon’s Prisoner


Act 1 - Prison Labyrinth:
Gameplay 6-1 - Tower of Babylon:
CG plays wherein Kiana recaps the events between chapters V and VI, with Otto seemingly watching what she’s been doing inside the simulation:
Kiana: Hey! I’m Kiana!
Kiana: Recently, to find a way to wake Bronya from her slumber, Theresa entered a virtual dataspace found in the database of the central church.
Kiana: I followed her to a virtually recreated battlefield from the 2nd Honkai Eruption.
Kiana: In this dataspace, I saw Theresa, my stupid old man, as well as my Mum, whom I had little memory of.
Kiana: We fought together.
Kiana: Finally, we followed the 2nd Herrscher to the Babylon Labs in Siberia.
Theresa: Careful, intense Honkai energy reactions detected up ahead. The 2nd Herrscher must be inside.
Cecilia: Theresa, Kiana, get ready! Don’t let your guard down!
Kiana & Theresa: Yes!!!
Kiana: I finally get to fight alongside Mum.
Kiana: I will impress her and make her proud.
Otto: Huh, that’s interesting.
Otto: The new developments have gone beyond my calculations.
Otto: You two, keep a close eye on her.
Unknown 1: Understood! Just leave it to me, Overseer.
Unknown 2: Roger.


Kiana: Is this the insides of the labs? It looks more like a prison to me.
Cecilia: Overseer Otto manages the Babylon Labs himself. I don’t know what he does here.
Cecilia: But something definitely doesn’t feel right.
Kiana: Do you feel that way too, Cecilia?
Theresa: Let’s focus on the task. We must catch up to the 2nd Herrscher.
Kiana: Hmph. Theresa keeps interrupting me. I wanna talk with Mum.
Machine Voice: Warning! Warning! Intruder alert!
Kiana: What? Anti-Entropy mechs?
Theresa: Anti-Entropy? What are you talking about?
Theresa: These are G-12 tactical mech prototypes that will be deployed soon.
Theresa: Careful! This enemy is way stronger than the others.
Theresa: There’s an elevator up ahead. Let’s get in!
Kiana: Look, it’s a lift! We’ll get to the top floor with this.
Theresa: Alright. The lift is locked. We need to activate it using a digital key.
Cecilia: The key might be around here. Look for it.
Theresa: A message from the Overseer? He’s calling me back. Why now?
Cecilia: Just head back. The Overseer must be planning something. Leave this place to me.
Theresa: But…
Kiana: It’s alright, Theresa. I got it covered. I’ll protect Cecilia!
Theresa: ...Alright, I’m counting on you, Kiana.
Cecilia: Kiana, let’s look for the digital key. Search the nearby holding cells. Don’t go too far away from me.
Kiana: Awesome!
Kiana: (Yippee! I’m super lucky! With Theresa gone, I’ll get some private time with Mum!)


Gameplay 6-2 - Mysterious Diary:
Kiana: Hmm… nothing here looks like a key. Grr. I gotta do something useful to make Mum happy!
Kiana: Whoah! I found something here! Hmph. It’s just a dirty and worn notebook. Lemme see… gosh… the handwriting is worse than mine!
Damaged Diary: “The doctor told me to keep a diary. I’ve never kept a diary before. I don’t know where to begin.”
Kiana: A doctor? Is this a hospital?
Damaged Diary: “The treatment hurts, but the doctor said we can’t stop. The other kids who ended their treatment were carried away. None came back.”
Damaged Diary: I’m so scared. Don’t want to go back. I don’t want to live in this small and dark cage. I want Mum. Where are you, Mum?”
Kiana: Heh, the remaining pages have been torn away! Who kept this diary? A kid?
Kiana: It’s really sad to be separated from your Mum… wait… there’s a few more pages.
Damaged Diary: “I miss you, Mum. But I won’t cry. I definitely won’t cry this time. You taught me the magic spell, Mum.”
Damaged Diary: “You’d say that magic spell whenever I was sad…”
Damaged Diary: “I’ll just have to say that magic spell to make all my wishes come true. It’ll let me see you again, Mum!”
Damaged Diary: “--Ich☆liebe☆dich”






Kiana: Wow, did I just read that? Dunno what it means, but why could I read it? That’s odd.
Cecilia: Kiana, found anything yet?
Kiana: Hey, Cecilia, look at this.
Cecilia: A diary? Hmm… never expected Schicksal to be doing this here.
Cecilia: Never knew that Babylon Labs had a medical division.
Kiana: What? What’s wrong with the kid? KYAA… my head! It’s hurting.


CG plays wherein Kiana wakes up from having passed out, with her head on Cecilia’s lap:
Kiana: My head… hurts like hell!
Kiana: Something… in my head…
Kiana: Ughh...
Cecilia: Are you awake, Kiana?
Kiana: Huh? Cecilia!
Kiana: What happened to me?
Cecilia: You passed out just after reading the diary.
Cecilia How do you feel? Are you hurt somewhere?
Kiana: I’m alright! Just a sudden headache…
Kiana: This diary somehow reminded me of my past.
Cecilia: Your past?
Kiana: I lost my Mum when I was little.
Kiana: So I can relate to the feelings in the diary.
Kiana: An empty heart…
Kiana: No one to rely on.
Cecilia: Poor kid.
Kiana: Eh?
Cecilia: No need to be embarrassed, Kiana.
Cecilia: Just rest in my arms.
Kiana: Thank you, Mu…
Kiana: I mean… Cecilia.


















Cecilia: Feeling better now?
Kiana: Hnnggh… I think I’m alright. Let’s look through the other rooms.
Cecilia: Okay. Don’t forget to bring that diary.
Kiana: Hmm... I wished Mum held me when I recited the magic spell in the diary…
Kiana: And it really did work! Is this magic spell for real?
Kiana: No sign of any keys at the first floor. I’ll go check the second floor.
Kiana: This room looks quite different. This is probably the guards’ bunk.
Kiana: There’s a card on the bed… ah, that must be the digital key. Great! Mum will definitely praise me this time!
Kiana: Hey, there’s another piece of paper. Did it come from the diary?
Damaged Diary: “My body hurts. The doctor wants to perform more checks. I was taken to a room filled with TVs.”
Damaged Diary: “I love TV. I liked having Mum hug me while we watched TV from the sofa.”
Damaged Diary: “But the TVs here show nothing but strange numbers. And the pain… Mum…”
Kiana: This is really sad. She had a great time with her Mum… and now this… But I’ve never watched TV with my Mum.
Kiana: I wish I had her childhood. There’s no TV in this Tower, and probably no sofa either…
Kiana: ...Ich☆liebe☆dich!
Kiana: What am I doing? I can’t waste anymore time!
Kiana: But I really want to snuggle with Mum… Hmm… I guess I’ll give it another shot. I wanna watch TV with Mum…
Kiana: No, I want more! I want to play video games with Mum! Ich☆liebe☆dich!
Kiana: Nothing happened. Pfft. This is a scam. This is so stupid.
Kiana: Whatever. I’ll take the keys to Mum.
Kiana: Hey, Mum’s not here. Alright. I’ll just activate the lift.
Kiana: When Mum comes back and sees the activated lift, she’ll definitely say I’m a good kid.


CG plays wherein Kiana tries to activate the lift with the digital key, and has to hurry to deactivate the security system as a result of missing credentials, with her being shown the title screen of a video game afterwards:
Kiana: Right, just gotta insert this card into the computer.
Mainframe: Visitor data detected. Level 3 clearance. Authentication in progress…
Kiana: Easy. Now I can use the elevator.
Mainframe: Error warning! Core clearance missing. Authentication failed.
Kiana: Eh?
Mainframe: Unauthorised access detected. Freezing current visitor and engaging system lockdown.
Mainframe: Countdown…
Mainframe: 10…
Mainframe: 9…
Mainframe: 8…
Kiana: Huh? What’s going on?
Kiana: No, no, not good!
Kiana: Come on! This can’t be the end!
Mainframe: Core clearance detected. Authentication complete. Initialising program.
Kiana: Huh?
Kiana: It’s…
Kiana: A game?


Kiana: Cecilia’s back! I’ll ask her what’s going on.
Cecilia: Kiana, what are you doing here?
Kiana: Oh, Cecilia! I just inserted the key into the computer, and this screen just showed up.
Cecilia: What is it? Let me see.
Cecilia: Eh, isn’t this Kallen Fantasy III?
Cecilia: This is an RPG with 3 characters: Kallen the Valkyrie of Light, her boyfriend Otto, and their pet HOMU.
Cecilia: The aim is to defeat the Dark Fox of the East and ensure that Kallen marries Otto in the end.
Cecilia: It’s the 3rd installment of the Kallen Fantasy series.
Cecilia: It retains the strengths of the previous 2 titles, and also includes improved rendering.
Cecilia: There are 23 classes to choose from, and ranked co-op battles. I really like this game.
Cecilia: I guess we’ll need to pass this stage to unlock the lift.
Kiana: What, really?!
Cecilia: Heh. Surprising, right? Overseer Otto developed this game. He never actually released it.
Cecilia: Well, he seems like the type of person who would link this to the lab’s security system.










Kiana: The Schicksal Overseer? Really? Wow!
Cecilia: Yeah. The game… ahem… has his personal stuff in it, but it’s designed to improve Valkyrie concentration and reflexes.
Cecilia: That’s why there’s a score ranking system.
Cecilia: So far, I’m the #1 ranked player…
Cecilia: It used to be Overseer Otto… I surpassed his high score by day 3.
Cecilia: And then my account got banned.
Kiana: Grr. This Overseer sounds like a mean dude.
Cecilia: Alright, Kiana. Give it a shot. I’ll tell you how the game works. You’ll do fine.
Kiana: Awesome!


Gameplay 6-3 - Training Program I:
Kiana: Wow! Just look at those graphics!
Cecilia: This looks really next-gen.
Cecilia: The Overseer may appear to be a cold-hearted man…
Cecilia: ...But he’s extremely talented.


Gameplay 6-4 - Watcher in the Shadow:
Cecilia: The lift is activated! Good job, Kiana! Let’s push forward!
Kiana: Hehe, piece of cake!
Kiana: Can’t believe this. That magic spell actually worked. I played video games with Mum! Awesome! There’s a huge list of things I wanna do with Mum!
Cecilia: That’s the control room. Hold on, Kiana! I’ll clear the way to the top floor.
Kiana: Will do! (Heh! I’ll do anything Mum asks me to do!)
Kiana: I’m liking this super magic spell already… Hmm… let’s think of something to wish for…
Kiana: I’m a little worried about that kid… what happened to her?
Kiana: Maybe the computer would have her records… wait, what’s this?
Experiment Record: “2 November 1999: Two subjects with B-level Honkai adaptability died during testing.”
Experiment Record: “Recommend incinerating the corpses of the deceased to neutralise residual Honkai energy.”
Experiment Record: “Subject 51 has displayed excellent adaptability. Transferred to the safe house for further studies.”
Experiment Record: “Said subject shall be transferred to another lab for further testing.”
Experiment Record: “A death notice of Subject 51 has been issued to her family. No complications from said family members.”
Experiment Record: “Maintain surveillance on said family members. Enforce silencing protocols if necessary.”


Act 2 - Subterranean World:
Gameplay 6-5 - Nightmare’s Beginning:
Kiana: Hey, Cecilia, look at this.
Cecilia: Babylon Labs is conducting evil human experiments in the name of treatment!
Cecilia: Perhaps the 2nd Herrscher didn’t come here just for the Honkai reactor…
Otto: Cecilia, is the 2nd Herrscher still at large?
Cecilia: Overseer?
Otto: Valkyrie, please be reminded that you’re fighting a Herrscher.
Otto: The Honkai energy in Babylon Labs will make her stronger. Every moment wasted lowers your chance of victory.
Cecilia: I know what I’m up against.
Otto: There’s no time to waste. Valkyrie Cecilia, I fight battles that I know I can win.
Otto: You better come up with something to kill that Herrscher.
Otto: If you fail, I will launch a Honkai fission missile to vaporise the Labs and that Herrscher.
Cecilia: What?
Otto: I’ll need some good news from your side to keep my hand off the launch button.
Cecilia: Yes, Overseer.
Kiana: What? Is he going to blow up this entire place?
Cecilia: It’s alright, Kiana. We’ll move faster.
Cecilia: I have a plan to take down the 2nd Herrscher. I’ll need your help.
Cecilia: Take the lift to the power room and cut the power to this place.
Cecilia: Then I’ll clear a path to the upper level.
Kiana: Will do!
Kiana: Why would Schicksal destroy this place? Wait! That dream voice told me about this!
Kiana: Schicksal destroyed Babylon Labs because they feared that Mum would lose against the 2nd Herrscher…
Kiana: They took out the 2nd Herrscher and killed Mum as well!
Kiana: No! I can’t let that happen! I won’t let it happen!
Kiana: Weird. This doesn’t look like the generator room.
Kiana: Pfft. I’ll just go shut down the power.
Kiana: There’s a strange IC card on the ground, but the power switch isn’t here.
Kiana: There’s a sheet of paper… is this another page of the diary?
Kiana: No time to care for it. I must go shut down the power.
Kiana: There’s a hole under the bed. Where does it lead to?
Kiana: No power switch here. I’m running out of time!
Kiana: Where is that switch? Dammit! I’m really running out of time!
Kiana: Oh right! That diary page may have some clues!
Damaged Diary: “The doctor brought me to a safe room in the basement and said it’s my new place.”
Damaged Diary: “I will be sent to another hospital 2 months later. Doctor told me that Mum went somewhere far away.”
Damaged Diary: “He told me that I won’t see Mum for a while.”
Damaged Diary: “He said that I’ll need to be a good girl and take my meds to see Mum. I can’t believe it. He’s lying!”
Damaged Diary: “Mum would never leave me here. I can’t stay here! I wanna go away! I miss you… Mum…”
Kiana: Grr. There’s no power switch here. This is just a safe room.
Kiana: But Mum said that this is the power room. Could she be lying to me?
Kiana: I gotta get back to the lift to find Mum.
Kiana: What is this? Why isn’t the lift moving? Come on! Move!
Cecilia: Sorry, Kiana. I lied.
Kiana: Cecilia! Open the lift!
Cecilia: Kiana, just stay in the safe room. That room is strong enough to take a missile blast. You’ll be safe there.
Cecilia: I will defeat the 2nd Herrscher.
Kiana: No, I want to fight alongside you!
Cecilia: Do you lack faith in me? Stay put, girl. I’ll return when I’m done.
Kiana: No! NO! Let me out, Mum! Curses! The comm line has been cut!
Kiana: I can’t be trapped here. There must be an elevator key somewhere. Don’t worry Mum. I’m coming to save you!
Kiana: Oh yeah, the card! Lemme try inserting this thing.
Kiana: Come on… make something happen!


Gameplay 6-6 - Training Program II:
Kiana: Of course she can say that. Clear this game to restart the lift.
Kiana: Don’t worry, Mum! I’ll come save you!


























Gameplay 6-7 - Repeated Disaster:
Kiana: The lift is activated! Don’t worry, Mum! I’m coming!
Kiana: Curses. This lift sure moves slowly.
Kiana: I don’t have much time left to waste!
Kiana: What? What happened up there?
Kiana: Did Mum start fighting the Herrscher already?
Kiana: Curses. Just hurry up! Come on!
Kiana: The way to the upper level is open! I need to catch up to Mum!
Kiana: So many dead zombies. Mum was definitely here already.
Kiana: Curses. Dammit! This wouldn’t be happening if Theresa was here.
Kiana: I shouldn’t have wasted so much time down there…
Kiana: What was I doing all this time?
Kiana: I’m so sorry about this! I’ll be a good girl next time!
Kiana: Ich☆liebe☆dich… Ich☆liebe☆dich…
Kiana: Please don’t let anything happen to Mum! Please!


CG plays wherein Kiana comes face to face with the 2nd Herrscher, Sirin, after she defeated Cecilia:
Sirin: Ha, I didn’t expect you to break this easily.
Sirin: What a disappointment.
Kiana: Mum!!!
Sirin: Oh? Another one.
Sirin: Too many humans with white hair today.
Kiana: You sick monster, get away from my Mum!
Sirin: Mum? You mean this cold corpse?
Kiana: Huh? What?! How can that be? Mum…
Sirin: Heheh, this is touching.
Sirin: But don’t worry, I’ll help you reunite with your sweet Mum right away.
Kiana: No… Nooo!!!
Kiana: This is not how it ends!
Kiana: Eh? This is…
Kiana: I’ve been here before.












Act 3 - Unusual Factory:
Gameplay 6-8 - Young Girl’s Desires:
Kiana: This is the safe house. Mum disabled the lift!
Kiana: Was I dreaming about that? Awesome! Mum’s still alive.
Kiana: This isn’t the time to celebrate. I’ve gotta move faster, before the 2nd Herrscher beats Mum!
Kiana: I can’t take this route. There must be other ways!
For some reason, I’m back at the safe house.
Gotta check for other exits.
The hole under the bed! Lemme check what’s on the other side.
Kiana: Never expected the girl to dig a secret tunnel in the safe house. Is this… the entrance of the Labs?
Kiana: Wow! She made it out! That’s awesome…
Kiana: Wait! There’s no time for this. I must go help Mum!
Kiana: The dead zombies are gone! Did I see an illusion?
Kiana: Great!
Kiana: So many zombies. Did the 2nd Herrscher do this?
Kiana: Don’t worry, Mum! I’ll come save you!


Gameplay 6-9 - A Different Ending:
Kiana: I can’t find Mum or the 2nd Herrscher here…
Kiana: Could they be at the deeper levels? I need to hurry over…
Kiana: The prison… the factory… and then this lab… what’s going on?


Gameplay 6-10 - Fate’s Corridor:
Kiana: There’s something up ahead.
Kiana: That’s Mum! Oh dear! She’s in danger!


CG plays wherein Sirin is yet again fighting Cecilia, but this time, Kiana arrives in time to force her into fleeing:
Cecilia: Oh no! She’s become stronger!
Sirin: You sure do have a few tricks up your sleeve.
Sirin: A lot different from the weaklings before you.
Sirin: Alright, let’s have some proper fun.
Kiana: Get away from Cecilia! Damn you, 2nd Herrscher!
Sirin: You pesky little worm…
Kiana: Mum, now!!
Sirin: This is not over!
Cecilia: Phew, she’s fled.
Cecilia: But, why are you here, Kiana?


Gameplay 6-11 - Babylon’s Prisoner:
Kiana: Cecilia, please let me fight alongside you!
Cecilia: Kiana! Get back to the safe house! It’s dangerous here!
Kiana: No! I won’t hide in a safe place while you place yourself in danger!
Kiana: Dad always said that we must protect the people we love!
Kiana: I’ll do anything I can to protect you! I’m a warrior too, you know!
Cecilia: Kiana, your father really sounds like someone I know. I can see a bit of him in you.
Cecilia: I understand. Forgive me for my choices. I won’t force you to hide again.
Cecilia: You’re right. You helped me survive that last fight against the 2nd Herrscher.
Cecilia: You’re an excellent warrior. Please fight alongside me, Kiana!
Kiana: Yes!
Cecilia: But there is another problem.
Kiana: Eh, what is it?
Cecilia: Kiana… I’m 24. Stop calling me Mum. Oh, alright!
Kiana: Kyaa! It’s hurting! Stop pinching me, Cecilia!
Cecilia: Stay vigilant, Kiana.
Cecilia: The 2nd Herrscher escaped to a deeper place. We must catch up!
Cecilia: What is this? All these people are grown in vats!
Kiana: Are they children imprisoned here?
Cecilia: Didn’t expect the Babylon Labs to be carrying out such inhuman experiments!
Cecilia: Watch out! The synthetic humans are attacking!
Cecilia: Is this what happened to the children here?
Cecilia: Those doctors destroyed their memories and emotive centers to enhance Honkai adaptability and turn them into killing machines…
Cecilia: They’re basically killing them!
Kiana: Cecilia, look! This empty capsule reads 051: Sirin!
Cecilia: I guess the 2nd Herrscher was a victim of this place. Kiana, there are things I want to tell you.
Kiana: What is it, Cecilia?
Cecilia: I always had a dream. There’s a lot of kids out there with Honkai adaptability…
Cecilia: ...I want to build a school for them. Valkyries… the children here…
Cecilia: They deserve to lead normal lives… and not be some expendable weapon of war…
Cecilia: We cannot afford to repeat this tragedy.
Cecilia: Please help me build this dream, Kiana.
Kiana: Of course, Cecilia! Let me follow your lead!
Cecilia: Great! We’ll need to think about where to build our campus…
Cecilia: I’ve heard about a nice little island in the Far East…


Gameplay 6-12 - Daybreak:
Cecilia: We’re close to the core area of the Babylon Labs.
Cecilia: Are you ready, Kiana?


Gameplay 6-13 - Training Program III:
No story content.


Act 4 - Tower of Babel:
Gameplay 6-14 - Look Towards Heaven:
Kiana: 2nd Herrsher located… she’s at the top of the Tower.
Cecilia: She looks weak. That attack probably hurt her badly.
Cecilia: Don’t miss this chance. This is the time to end it all!
Kiana: Yes, ma’am!
Cecilia: Thank you, Kiana.
Cecilia: I wouldn’t have made it this far without your help.
Cecilia: This was my first time seeing you…
Cecilia: ...But I could feel a strange sense of closeness with you.
Cecilia: It seems… I’ve been watching you all this while…
Cecilia’s words have unleashed my powers!
Kiana: Cecilia… I…
Kiana: I’ve heard tons of great stories about you, Cecilia!
Kiana: But this is my first time seeing you…
Kiana: I used to be nervous, but now I’m certain…
Kiana: ...That your presence alone gives me great courage.
Kiana: I’ll be able to do anything with you around!
Kiana: I’ll do anything to protect you, Cecilia!
Cecilia: That’s the 2nd Herrscher.
Cecilia: Be ready, Kiana!
Kiana: Yeah! We’ll beat her for sure!
























Gameplay 6-15 - Falling From the Tower:
CG plays wherein Cecilia and Kiana seem to have defeated Sirin, all for this entire simulation to end up having seemingly been completely fictional:
Sirin: How can this be?!
Cecilia: Rest in peace, 2nd Herrscher.
Cecilia: No…
Cecilia: I should call you Miss Sirin.
Cecilia: Eh?
Kiana: Yes… We did it!!
Cecilia: You’re just like a kid.
Kiana: Cecilia…
Kiana: Can I hug you a bit longer? Just a bit.
Cecilia: Sure, however long you like.
Cecilia: Good work, Kiana.
Kiana: Hehe~
Theresa: Kiana, what are you doing here?!
Kiana: Theresa? Haha, you’re too late.
Kiana: Cecilia and I already took care of the 2nd Herrscher!
Theresa: Eh? What are you saying, Kiana?
Theresa: There’s nobody else here…
Kiana: What do you mean? She’s standing right…
Kiana: Beside me…
Kiana: Huh?!
Kiana: Mum!
Theresa: How did you end up in this dataspace?
Theresa: Quick, let’s go back. Everything here is…
Theresa: Let go of me!!!
Fu Hua: To ensure that you won’t jeopardize our mission, please leave for now, Principal.
Kiana: Kiana, your Mother is not here.
Kiana: Eh? This voice sounds like…
Kiana: Fu Hua?!
Kiana: Where am I?
Kiana: Where is my Mum?!
Fu Hua: This dataspace never had any virtual environment or AI.
Fu Hua: The Babylon Labs and Cecilia that you saw never even existed.
Kiana: What are you saying?!
Kiana: No, liar!
Kiana: Mum was right here with me.
Kiana: We took down the 2nd Herrscher together.
Kiana: I protected her.
Kiana: Give my Mum back!!!
Fu Hua: These are all just your fantasies.
Fu Hua: Ever since you entered the dataspace, you’ve been standing in one place.
Fu Hua: This is the Herrscher’s trick, immersing you in your own dreams.
Fu Hua: Everything that you saw and experienced wasn’t real.
Fu Hua: Meeting Cecilia, fighting alongside her, and protecting her…
Fu Hua: Were all illusions created by Sirin from your desires.
Kiana: No… That’s impossible.
Kiana: This is not real…
Kiana: Mum must be here.
Kiana: I will find her!
Kiana: Right!
Kiana: I can use that magic spell!
Kiana: Ich☆liebe☆dich…
Kiana: Ich☆liebe☆dich…
Kiana: Ich☆liebe☆dich…
Kiana: Ich☆liebe☆dich!
Kiana: Right, these words should do the trick.
Kiana: All my wishes will come true!
SYSTEM: Strong Honkai energy reactions detected.
Fu Hua: No. This time, you cannot will the world to change.
Fu Hua: Kiana, it’s time to wake up.


Kiana: Give my Mum back!
Fu Hua: This… this is the power of a Herrscher!
Fu Hua: ...Was I too late?






















CG plays wherein Durandal reports to Otto regarding what just occurred, with Theresa making emergency messages for a counter-attack against Schicksal HQ:
Durandal: Overseer.
Durandal: Fu Hua has already captured the target.
Durandal: And we have Theresa under control. What’s to be done with her?
Otto: Heheh, my little granddaughter is too cute to be punished.
Otto: Just let her go.
Otto: But we’re keeping the girl.
Otto: Bring her to me now, Durandal.
Durandal: Understood.
Theresa: Ai-chan…
Theresa: Tell Himeko to prepare for battle immediately.
Theresa: Target: Schicksal Headquarters.
Theresa: Also, transfer Bronya to battleship Hyperion, and prepare for her surgery right away. We’re running out of time.
Theresa: Kiana, I’m coming for you!














































Game Ch VII: Lift the Sword of Rebellion


Act 1 - Voyage in a Storm:
Gameplay 7-1 - Before the Storm:
CG plays wherein Otto awakens the 2nd Herrscher within Kiana, resulting in Honkai beasts left in Siberia from the aftermath of the 2nd Eruption swarming to protect her:
22 hours after Kiana’s capture, Schicksal Headquarters.
Otto: Keep infusing Honkai energy in the test chamber.
Otto: We won’t be able to wake her up with such a small dose.
Otto: Heh, it’s been a while. Welcome home…
Otto: ...K423.
Sirin: Come back to me, my kin!
Ruins of the 2nd Honkai Eruption, Siberia.
Otto: Oh? Swarming back to protect your queen?
Otto: Activate all the global defense satellites!
Otto: All Valkyrie units, DEFCON 1 in effect.
Otto: Prepare yourselves. A revolution is imminent!


300km from Schicksal Headquarters, Helios Transport Vessel.
Himeko: We’re about to enter HQ’s airspace.
Himeko: If we had the Hyperion, we would have gotten past these enemies already.
Theresa: Stop complaining, Himeko.
Theresa: We can’t deploy the Hyperion until we get that thing fixed.
Machine Voice: Unauthorised access found. Purging targets.
Theresa: They’ve found us out! Prepare enemy boarding action!
Himeko: A command ship is approaching.
Theresa: Can we evade it?
Himeko: No. We’re in firing range.
Theresa: We got rid of it.
Himeko: Haven’t been back for years. The HQ prepared quite a nice welcoming party for us.
Theresa: How could they react so fast?
Himeko: Unidentified comm link trying to gain connection, Theresa.












CG plays wherein Theresa gets a call from Otto:
Otto: What do you plan to do with that toy of ours, Theresa?
Otto: Be a good girl and return to St. Freya.
Otto: I know you’re just going through teenage rebellion, and so I won’t hold it against you.
Theresa: Caring and loving as ever, Grandpa.
Theresa: But…
Theresa: ...I’ll have to say no!
Theresa: This time, I will not submit to you.


Gameplay 7-2 - Uninvited:
Theresa: The main battery of Helios must cool off. We can’t fire again for a while.
Theresa: Evade satellite attack!
Himeko: Theresa, we’re getting Honkai energy readings port side.
Theresa: What? This airspace should be covered by the Schicksal HQ defense network!
Theresa: Oh no! Our shields are falling!


Gameplay 7-3 - Storm is Coming:
CG plays wherein reaches the deck of the Helios in order to deal with the Honkai beasts:
Theresa: Oh no! Helios’ energy reserves are too low to keep the shields up!
Himeko: Relax, Theresa.
Himeko: It’s time for the Far East Branch’s ace Valkyrie to make an entrance.


Theresa: When did so many Honkai beasts get here?
Himeko: I don’t think we’re the only uninvited guests here.
Theresa: I’ll take the helm. Help clear up the deck, Himeko.
Himeko: I guess that’s it for now!
Himeko: Curses. The clouds are too thick for our optical devices.
Theresa: Watch out, Himeko! I’m getting Honkai energy spikes around the transport ship!
Himeko: Crap! What the hell is this?
Theresa: Evade the lightning strikes!
Theresa: Evasive action, Himeko! It’s coming straight for us!










Gameplay 7-4 - Judgmental Evil Dragon:
Theresa: Himeko! The anti-air systems of the Helios are back online!
Theresa: Give me the attack signal!
Himeko: Hah. That’s the best news of the day.
Himeko: What happened? Something’s wrong with this dragon!
Theresa: Careful! Its Honkai energy levels are still rising!
Himeko: Impossible… is it gaining power through these battles?
Theresa: Himeko! I detected another Honkai energy reaction approaching at high speed!


Gameplay 7-5 - Reinforcements:
CG plays wherein Fu Hua arrives to lure Benares away from the Helios:
Himeko: Ugh…
Himeko: You’re tougher than I thought, huh?
Himeko: But to knock me down, you’ll have to work a lot harder.
Fu Hua: This won’t work. The Helios cannot contain this Honkai beast.
Fu Hua: Hmm… I’ll lure it away.


Himeko: What’s that streak of light? Did you call for reinforcements?
Theresa: No… I don’t think that’s…
Theresa: Careful! Honkai beasts approaching!
Theresa: Himeko, the next wave is approaching!
Himeko: Dammit. Is there no end to this thing?
Himeko: Think of something smart to do, Theresa! This is getting out of hand.
Einstein: Your solution has arrived, Miss Himeko.


Gameplay 7-6 - Person of Anti-Entropy:
Einstein: Thanks for giving me those coordinates, Madam Theresa. I’ve made it on time.
Theresa: Finally! You took way too long to get here, Einstein.
Einstein: Apologies. Schicksal’s defenses are pretty solid. We found a crack in the eggshell.
Theresa: I hope you’re prepared.
Einstein: I won’t let you down, Madam Theresa.
Einstein: My Ballista Squadron has joined our allies.
Einstein: Purging hostiles along our allies’ flight path.
Machine Voice: Lightning Squadrons λ2, λ7, and λ11 deployed. Activate mortar systems.
Machine Voice: 240mm anti-armor HE shells loaded.
Machine Voice: Fire all mortars.
Theresa: Wow. They took out those Honkai beasts in one blast!
Einstein: We can do that again for your pleasure, Madam Theresa.
Einstein: We’ve prepared these new weapons for this operation.
Einstein: Sadly, our enemies turned out weaker than expected.
Tesla: Enough smart talk, mophead!
Tesla: There’s a legion of Honkai beasts up ahead. What’s our battle plan?
Einstein: You should relax a little, Dr. Tesla.
Einstein: I don’t need plans against enemies like this.
Einstein: All Honkai beasts along the route have been neutralised, Madam Theresa. You may commence deployment a- (textbox cut-off once again.)
Einstein: Your ship seems a lot smaller than before.
Theresa: The Hyperion is still docked at St. Freya High…
Theresa: As you’ve said, we have to move “that” thing from the Selene and combine it with the main drive…
Theresa: Don’t worry. The modified Hyperion will be here soon.
Einstein: Good job. All the players and props are ready.


CG plays wherein Tesla and Einstein talk about their plans:
Tesla: My troops are in position.
Tesla: Are you sure you want to do this?
Tesla: We’ve mobilised over 70% of all our mechas for this battle.
Tesla: I’m worried about what Cocolia might do if she’s left alone at our headquarters…
Einstein: We can’t let Otto’s plan succeed.
Einstein: We must stop the next Honkai Eruption at all cost.
Einstein: This is also for Anti-Entropy… and for him.
Einstein: The stakes are high, Miss Theresa. Please don’t disappoint me.
Einstein: ...Dr. Tesla, how long has it been since we’ve been at Schicksal Headquarters?
Einstein: Just by looking at this place, I can’t help but think about our old friends.
Einstein: Edison… Planck…
Einstein: However, now is not the time to be nostalgic.
Einstein: We both have something important to do.
Einstein: That’s right…
Einstein: “Sleeping Beauty” is waiting for us.
File_xxx.
Time: 113 minutes before the Honkai Eruption.








Act 2 - Reinforcement:
Gameplay 7-7 - Shadow of Benares:
CG plays wherein Fu Hua gets ready to fight Benares:
Fu Hua: Is it here yet?
SYSTEM: 4th-gen Godsbane Valkyrie battlesuit, Shadow Knight, limitations off.




































































Game Ch VIII: Will of the Herrscher


Act 1 - Schicksal Battle:
Gameplay 8-1 - Air Terminal 3:
CG plays wherein the events between chapters VII and VIII are explained, going into a bit more detail:
In chapter VII, Overseer Otto of Schicksal captured Kiana Kaslana, a Valkyrie of St. Freya High School.
To protect her friend’s daughter, Principal Theresa allied with Schicksal’s enemy, Anti-Entropy.
She is prepared to force her way into Schicksal HQ to save Kiana, held prisoner there.
The allies decided to split their forces into two groups, and take advantage of Schicksal’s fight with a Judgment-class Honkai beast to attack from their flank, and take over Schicksal HQ’s Air Terminal 3.
Einstein: Madam Theresa, the mech squad has surrounded the airport.
Einstein: We may attack at any time.
Theresa: Just on time. We’re done with preparations as well.
Theresa: All squads to battlestations, and direct all firepower to take over Air Terminal 3!
Theresa: Focus all weapons on Air Terminal 3!


Einstein: Ground forces! Take the Port Hub and help Dr. Tesla hack into the control system to neutralise Terminal defenses.
Einstein: My mechs will provide fire support.
Tesla: You best be quick, mophead!
Himeko: What is this?
Himeko: This core is calling reinforcements. Destroy it, now!
Theresa: Some hostile reactions have been detected in the control tower, be careful!
Tesla: What the heck is this thing!!
Einstein: Is this a tactical mech? No. It’s not the same as the Titans.
Himeko: And I thought Anti-Entropy had patented these humanoid mechs!
Einstein: A patent might not be a bad idea.
Einstein: Once we’re through here, I’ll give it some thought.
Einstein: But for now, I need to focus on the enemies at hand.


CG plays wherein the Hyperion arrives just in time to bail Himeko out of the fight:
Himeko Hmph, these cretins just keep coming…
Himeko: Hah! You’ve finally arrived…
Himeko: Hyperion!
Gameplay 8-2 - Command Tower:
Himeko: Ground team reporting in, we’ve entered the control tower!
Himeko: This looks like the control room. I’ll leave this to you, Tesla… oh?
Tesla: Hmph, obsolete models. I’ll get through them in 5… no, 2 minutes!
Himeko: Hurry up. Those things outside are less patient than me.
Tesla: Find a way to hold them off for me! Toss that butterknife. You need bigger toys to kill these bugs.
Tesla: The control system has been switched to support mode.
Tesla: How about we go stir up some trouble now!!
Tesla: Try out my new weapon!
Himeko: Has it not been 2 minutes yet?!
Tesla: It’s 1 minute and 56 seconds. Got it. Defense system down.


CG plays wherein Himeko coughs up blood, seemingly in a very critical condition:
Tesla: Air Terminal defense systems completely disabled.
Tesla: Hmph, too easy.
Himeko: Damn, not now…
Himeko: Am I really running out of time?


Gameplay 8-3 - Battlefield Meeting:
Himeko: Defense system deactivated. We’re safe! But we have no idea where Kiana is.
Theresa: Give the 2 professors some time. They’ll hack into the system and look for clues.
Theresa: See what they’ve found so far. Talk to Mei and see how Bronya is doing.
Himeko: Got anything so far, Dr. Tesla?
Tesla: Shush! Engineers need peace and quiet to work properly.
Himeko: Alright. Sorry to disturb you.
Himeko: Dr. Einstein, aren’t you helping out Tesla?
Einstein: Hacking is her specialty. Dr. Tesla doesn’t like being interrupted. I’ll just take a break.
Himeko: Then why don’t you come out of the mech?
Einstein: Because it’s comfortable. I furnished this unit with air conditioning, cushions, and a mini-fridge.
Einstein: Want something to drink?
Himeko: I’m alright. Can’t relax during the fight.
Himeko: Mei, how’s Bronya doing?
Mei: The surgery was a success. She’s coming around.
Mei: But Bronya’s body is still weak. She’s not in a state to fight. She’s resting in the medical bay.
Himeko: Good.
Mei: Major Himeko, before the battle starts, I have a favor to ask of you.
Mei: ...Please remove the bomb placed next to my heart.
Himeko: Understood, I will let Theresa know.
Theresa: Tesla, how are things coming along?
Tesla: I’ve found the clue you were looking for. A few hours ago, a ship flew into Schicksal HQ’s Helheim Labs. - (the text actually cut off at “Helh”, but given the context it was pretty easy to figure out what she was saying.)
Tesla: Those labs are creepy. Do you know what Otto would do to her?
Theresa: ...We’re running out of time.
Himeko: The Helheim Labs aren’t too far from here. We should bust in.
Theresa: It won’t be that easy.
Theresa: The Helheim Labs have a massive defense barrier. Our firepower may not penetrate it quickly enough.
Himeko: We’re running out of time.
Theresa: We must come up with another solution: switching off that massive Honkai power-core to deactivate the shield.
Himeko: Sounds like a plan. I’ll do that. You stay put.
Himeko: Once the power-core is shut down, pilot the Hyperion through the breach.
Theresa: But what about you? Enemy reinforcements will show up quickly. You’ll be surrounded.
Himeko: Don’t worry. I was a member of the Valkyrie Assault Squad. I specialise in break-ins.
Theresa: But…
Himeko: Trust me, Theresa.
Theresa: ...Understood. Good luck, Himeko.
Tesla: Wait. I went over the number of operable mechs. I can divert some to support you.
Tesla: I’ll join you as well. Someone has to lead the mechs.
Himeko: Leave them all on the Hyperion. They’ll need more firepower than us.
Tesla: I don’t like it when people counter my decisions. Find me outside when you’re ready.
Himeko: I’m ready, let’s go.
Tesla: I don’t think you’ll complete this suicidal trip.
Himeko: Hah. I have no idea what you’re talking about.














Gameplay 8-4 - Undercurrent:
Fu Hua: Overseer Otto, I’ve arrived at HQ. Awaiting further orders.
Fu Hua: ...No response. What’s going on?
Rita: Master Fu Hua? Rita here.
Rita: The Overseer has entered the lab and has ordered me to welcome you.
Rita: I’ve sent you a location signal. Rendezvous with me there.
Fu Hua: Rita? Why did Otto send her here?
Fu Hua: This place is crawling with Honkai beasts. Kiana… did you summon them?
Fu Hua: According to the signal, the location is just up ahead.


CG plays wherein Fu Hua meets up with Rita, who just finished dealing with some Honkai beasts:
Rita: Ah, how annoying.
Rita: Time to clean this place up.
Rita: After all, Master Durandal really likes it clean.
Fu Hua: ...Rita.
Rita: Welcome back, Master Fu Hua.
Rita: Good work taking care of that Judgment-class Honkai beast. Would you like a cup of tea?
Name-card for Rita appears: Valkyrie Squad [Immortal Blades], Lieutenant Rita Rossweisse


Fu Hua: Why are you the only one here? Where’s your Captain Durandal?
Rita: Master Durandal has led a squad of Valkyries to purge the Honkai beasts attacking the HQ.
Fu Hua: I’m surprised she didn’t bring you along.
Rita: I do care about Master Durandal’s wellbeing…
Rita: But this is different. The Overseer ordered me to welcome you and assist you in your mission.






















Fu Hua: That won’t be necessary.
Rita: It’s my job, Master Fu Hua. Please understand.
Fu Hua: ...Alright. What’s the mission?
Rita: Master Theresa and her Anti-Entropy allies have occupied Air Terminal 3. The Overseer wants us to calm her down a little.
Fu Hua: Understood. But on one condition. No killing.
Rita: No worries. The Overseer wants Master Theresa and her girls safe as well.
Fu Hua: Let’s go, then.
Rita: Fighting alongside you is an honor, Master Fu Hua.
Fu Hua turns and leaves.
Rita: We can’t hurt them? Well, it’s dangerous to be emotional on the battlefield, Master Fu Hua.


Gameplay 8-5 - Path of No Return:
Himeko: Entering the firing range of Schicksal’s defenses. Any battle plan, Dr. Tesla?
Tesla: Battle plan? Yeah, we should call Otto and ask him to shut down all the Honkai power-cores.
Tesla: Then lay down the red carpet and prep the champagne while we waltz into the lab. What do you think?
Tesla: Pfft. Plans. My plan is simple. If it moves, smash it.
Himeko: I like that plan.
Tesla: Lead the way!
Himeko: We must first confirm the location of the Honkai power-core.
Himeko: There should be a terminal nearby, let’s search for it.
Himeko: I’ve found the terminal, we should be able to use it to pull up a map of the area.
Himeko: This place is further than I thought. How’s things over there?
Tesla: Doing better than people with no sense of direction. I hacked into the system and located the Honkai power-core.
Himeko: You talk like a pain in the butt.
Tesla: I talk like a pain for idiots. You took up this super dangerous mission because you’re out of time.














Tesla: You want to sacrifice yourself for your friends. People like you think like idiots. I can see right through you.
Himeko: You came here to tell me that?
Tesla: Hmph. I’m not trying to be nice here. There was another idiot dumber than you are. People like you piss me off.
Himeko: Fine. Thank you anyway, Tesla.
Himeko: Wait, it seems like we could make use of this core.
Tesla: ...Hey! That’s just what I was thinking. It’s connected to the mainframe.
Tesla: We can use it to hack into the Honkai power-core control system…
Himeko: Watch out! Reinforcements have arrived.
Tesla: Could you buy me some time here?
Tesla: I have a big surprise for my old Schicksal colleagues.
Himeko: I feel like all I’m doing today is buying you time, Dr. Tesla!
Tesla: Hah, got it! The Honkai power-core is down.
Tesla: Quick, let’s get out!
Himeko: Then we’ll have to take care of these guys as well!
















































Gameplay 8-6 - A Different Path:
CG plays wherein Rita and Fu Hua arrive to stop Himeko and Tesla:
Himeko: Every obstacle has been taken care of. Time to withdraw.
Tesla: Hah. Schicksal is pathetic.
Tesla: Calling these wrecks mechas is an insult to my mighty Titans.
Rita: Oh my, is this Anti-Entropy’s new mech unit?
Rita: Cleaning up this one might be slightly… more difficult, I presume.
Himeko: Careful, Tesla!
Fu Hua: This is where it ends, Major.
Fu Hua: Give up and surrender.


Fu Hua: Lay down your weapons! I will not help you! You made a mistake. Kiana…
Himeko: She’s not the real Kiana. Theresa and I already knew about that…
Fu Hua: Her powers are unstable. She could rampage at any moment and threaten the whole of humanity.
Himeko: Strong words. You’re trying to kill an innocent girl, you know that?
Himeko: Is this the type of justice that you stand for, Fu Hua?
Fu Hua: Sacrifices are inevitable in the war against the Honkai.
Fu Hua: You know that better than I, Major. Showing mercy to the wrong people can be disastrous.
Himeko: You have no idea what “sacrifices are inevitable” even means.
Himeko: The tragedy is not how many people have died…
Himeko: ...But how we’ve grown accustomed to the idea that people must die for others to live.


CG plays wherein Fu Hua stops Rita before she kills Himeko and Tesla:
Rita: Allow me to deal the coup de grâce.
Fu Hua: I’ve said it before…
Fu Hua: If you don’t wish to become my enemy, then do not hurt them.
Rita: Understood, Master Fu Hua.
Rita: Then we’ll bring them back to the Church…
Rita: ...As prisoners.
















Act 2 - Will of the Herrscher:
Gameplay 8-7 - A Sky Torn Apart:
Theresa: Hyperion is ready to go. We will engage once Himeko gives the signal.
Theresa: Mei, there’s something I need to tell you.
Theresa: Your heart bomb has been disabled.
Theresa: But this might cause the 3rd Herrscher to awaken. Don’t push yourself too hard. You can’t fully harness that power yet.
Mei: Thank you, Principal.
Theresa: Just call me Theresa. I’ve betrayed Schicksal. I’m no longer the Principal of St. Freya.
Theresa: Sorry. I got you involved in all of this.
Mei: Don’t say that. We left Schicksal together. You’re still our beloved Principal.
Mei: You admitted me into St. Freya 2 years ago despite me being a confirmed Herrscher host.
Mei: You are the reason why I’m standing here as a Valkyrie.
Theresa: Two years already? Time passed so quickly!
Mei: I used to be afraid that the Herrscher might hurt more people…
Mei: But I do not intend to hide any longer. I will use this power to protect the people I love.
Theresa: Mei…
Einstein: Sorry to interrupt. The barrier is changing, but we’ve lost contact with Tesla’s team.
Theresa: ...Understood. Battle stations, Mei! We’re doing this.
Operator: Sensors picked up a large number of Honkai energy readings around the Hyperion!
Operator: Honkai beasts have started converging on our location through the breach in the barrier!
Theresa: What? Why do bad things keep happening at moments like these?
Mei: I’ll go take care of them!
Operator: The lower levels have been hit. Fires have been detected spreading through the cabins!
Mei: ...Oh no, Bronya’s still there!
















Gameplay 8-8 - A Girl’s Awakening:
Mei: Enemies are entering the cabins! There’s no time to wait for support…
Mei: Evacuate our people from the lower decks. I will hold the Honkai beasts off!
Mei: I must… rely on my own strength…
Mei: Ugh… I feel so drowsy…
Mei: But why is it that all I can think of is you…
Mei: I like how you, at the end of every mission… kick down the dorm’s doors and shout, “Mei, I’m home!”
Mei: And then leap beside me and yell into my ear about how hungry you are…
Mei: I would always rub your hair and tell you, “Welcome back!”
Mei: I like all this about you.
Mei: I will save you, Kiana.
Mei: You are not some Kaslana heroine, and you are not some clone of the 2nd Herrscher.
Mei: To me…
Mei: You are gentle and kind… and an idiot that I would never let go of…


Gameplay 8-9 - Rhythm of Thunder:
Operator: Lower decks evacuated!
Operator: Careful! More Honkai beasts are now approaching!
Mei: Is there no end to them?!
3rd Herrscher: How tragic. You’ll never hope to beat them.
3rd Herrscher: Strong words, but words mean nothing in this fight.
3rd Herrscher: I’ll lend you some of my strength.
Mei: This… Herrscher powers…
3rd Herrscher: There’s a score I need to settle. I won’t let her die here.
3rd Herrscher: Never expected the day would come when our interests align.
Operator: All Honkai energy readings have disappeared!
Theresa: We’re about to pass through the barrier. Get back to the bridge!






















Gameplay 8-10 - Born of the Honkai:
CG plays wherein Otto decides to proceed with his experiments:
Otto: Hmm, Theresa and her friends have arrived…
Otto: Then…
Otto: It’s time to take my experiment to the next phase.


CG plays wherein Sirin awakens within Kiana, assuming control, with the 3rd Herrscher allowing Mei to use her powers in order to combat her:
Mei: Defense barrier completely disabled.
Mei: The Hyperion is almost over the laboratory.
Theresa: Something’s not right…
Theresa: Why did their defenses suddenly become so weak?
Theresa: It feels as though they did it on purpose.
Theresa: What’s happening?!
Mei: Strong dimensional fluctuations detected in the immediate vicinity… AH!
Mei: Ah!
Theresa: Mei!!
Kiana: Mei…
Kiana: Mei…
Mei: Kiana?!
Mei: ...Are you okay?
Kiana: I’m… good, I’ve never been better…
Kiana: I feel as though… I’ve been given a second life!
Mei: Kiana?!
Kiana: I’m so happy to see you beside me when I wake up.
Kiana: Now is the time for us to become one, my other half!
3rd Herrscher: We’re too late! The Honkai has possessed her!
3rd Herrscher: She’s extremely dangerous now!
Mei: She is extremely dangerous, but that is the reason why I’m not letting her go.
3rd Herrscher: Hmph…
3rd Herrscher: Fine.
3rd Herrscher: If we’re going to fight a Herrscher, you’ll need Herrscher-grade powers to win this fight.
3rd Herrscher: Don’t let me down.
Mei: Kiana…
Mei: I will never leave you behind…
Mei: Because I know you’ll never give up on me either!


3rd Herrscher: Is she gone? Or did her powers go rampant?
Mei: ...Kiana?
Special CG [Will of the Herrscher] plays:
Mei: Ki… Kian… na…
Mei: Wake… Wake up…
Mei: Wha… what’s happening?
Mei: Ahh!!
Mei: Ah!
Mei: Gah!
Mei: This is… Anti-Entropy?
Sirin: Humans, your existence is a mistake.
Sirin: War, deceit, jealousy, greed.
Sirin: You once took everything from me.
Sirin: But today, I will devour everything.
Sirin: Because I am the Honkai!




[Befall] - Song Lyrics:
Raging wind, while your visage fades away
Where the world lies in pieces at my feet
The fire, and the storm, and the snow, and the mist
Struggle inside, help me gain insight
Hail my proud queen, on and on, on and on
That wax and wane, showed its ebb and flow
Selah, selah, are chanting evermore
Hear, oh hear all the voices trapped in thee
See myself in your eyes that’s colorless
Visions pass and emotions run through me
Struggle inside, help me gain insight
Hail my proud queen, on and on, on and on
That wax and wane, showed its ebb and flow
Selah, selah, are chanting evermore
Hear, oh hear all the voices trapped in thee
Fair moonlight, will you fill my void eyes?


  



Game Ch IX: Journey for Tomorrow


Act 1 - Tides of Chaos:
Gameplay 9-1 - Death of the Gods:
Brrzzaaa… brrzzap!
---- The fire spread in the darkness.
---- The burning embers shone like the morning sun.
---- Everything was baptised in the blazing fire.
Tesla: Space curvature anomaly detected. I’ve never seen Honkai energy levels that high!
Tesla: More hostiles incoming! We must stop the Herrscher from summoning more minions!
Himeko: I’ll distract the enemies. Focus on saving the wounded!
Himeko: Can we restart the Hyperion’s engines?
Tesla: Port-side armor plating compromised. Drive chamber impacted. Shock absorbing systems damaged.
Tesla: We’ll need time to make her air-worthy again. Drive conversion rates…
Himeko: Calm down. Just tell me how much time you need!
Tesla: 3 minutes. Just give me 3 minutes and we’ll be out of this place!


CG plays wherein a ninja-type Honkai zombie sneaks up on Himeko and attacks her.




































Gameplay 9-2 - Chaos Overture:
CG plays wherein Theresa comes to save Mei from Kiana, who is still being controlled by Sirin:
52 minutes ago, outside the Helheim Labs of Schicksal HQ.
Mei: Kiana…
Theresa: Mei, are you alright?


Mei: Principal?
Theresa: Great, I managed to catch up.
Theresa: Professor, I’ve met up with Mei. But Kiana…
Einstein: High Honkai energy readings detected in Kiana’s body.
Einstein: We’re getting a reading of 4458 HW… is this reader broken?
Theresa: Where’s your mech unit?
Einstein: I have not received signals from any of the 67 mech units of the Vanguard.
Einstein: The number of hostiles is still increasing. Many are joining the battlefield as we speak.
Einstein: The situation is not looking good for us.
Theresa: I’ve no choice but to bet on this…!
Theresa: We have a chance of winning if we can stir Kiana’s sense of self.
Theresa: The Herrscher has disappeared!
Theresa: Stay alert! She could attack at any moment!
Mei: Watch out! These are lightning attacks from that Honkai dragon!
Operator: Report! Theresa and Mei Raiden have engaged with the Herrscher.
Operator: The Honkai beasts have blocked off the battlefield. The mechs cannot provide effective support…!
Operator: There are too many of them. We’ll lose contact with our vanguard if this goes on.
Einstein: (The situation looks worse than I’d expected)
Einstein: (...Should I activate the system here?)
Einstein: (This will give us the edge we need!)
Einstein: (No… The system can only be used once…)
Einstein (Now is not yet the time. I must wait for a better opportunity…)
The elevator to the bridge opened while Einstein was deep in her thoughts.
A figure walked out slowly from the lift. Einstein frowned when she saw her.












Einstein: ...You’re awake?
???: …. …. …. …. …. …. ….
Einstein: What?
???: …. …. …. …. ….
Einstein: This is suicidal, miss.
???: …
???: …. …. …. …. …. ….
Einstein: ...It seems you’ve made up your mind.
Einstein: Allow me to give you a piece of advice.
???: …. …. …. …. ...?
Einstein: Take this weapon. You’ll need it.
???: … …. ….
Einstein: Don’t mention it. Just don’t forget to bring it back to me when you’re done.
The Professor’s eyes betrayed a hint of sorrow when she handed over the weapon.
Einstein: Please, try not to lose this.


Gameplay 9-3 - Fruit of Eden:
Theresa: Huff… huff…
Herrscher of the Void: Pathetic vermin. Lowly insects.
Herrscher of the Void: Fight all you want. You will only make it easier for me.
Herrscher of the Void: After all this time, you still don’t understand, do you?
Herrscher of the Void: Why do you bar my path, little girl?
Theresa: ...Shut up! That body does not belong to you!
Herrscher of the Void: Hah. A greedy human made this body as a vessel for me.
Herrscher of the Void: ---It is an offering for my rebirth!
Mei: (Her void powers are immense… I can’t even get close to her…)
Mei: (It’s as different as day and night when compared to Wendy and I. True Herrscher powers…)
Herrscher of the Void: Haha… I suppose insects do provide some form of amusement.
Herrscher of the Void: Your clumsy dance steps make me laugh.
Herrscher of the Void: Benares, go give them a dance lesson. - (Although the text says “Benares”, the JP audio actually has her refer to Benares as Bella, which is a very nice touch in my opinion)
Benares: ...!!
Mei: …! Incoming attack!
Theresa: Mei! Watch out!
The dragon soared into the air. Blazing arcs of electricity spewed from its mouth.
But its breath collided with several rounds of black energy orbs that suddenly appeared.
A blinding explosion. Mei and Theresa looked at the one who launched the energy bombs.
Bronya: Anti-Honkai force field… fully functional.
Bronya: Yamabuki Armor potential maxed. Operating at maximum output.
Theresa: ...Bronya?!
Mei: Bronya, why are you here?
Bronya: The Bronya is happy to see Mei and the Principal. The Bronya came in time.
Bronya: The Bronya has rested for long enough.
Bronya: The Bronya shall report back for duty.
Bronya: The Bronya will provide covering fire. Attack at will, squad!
Theresa: Got it, Bronya!
Benares: …!
Herrscher of the Void: What a disappointing start.
Herrscher of the Void: No matter. The Queen shall settle this herself.
Herrscher of the Void: Let’s get the actual show started. I’m beginning to tire of this pathetic stage.


Gameplay 9-4 - Chaos End:
Mei: The surroundings have changed! Wait… we’ve been teleported away!
Bronya: We’ve lost contact with the Hyperion. The Bronya can not triangulate our current location.
Herrscher of the Void: Time to have the bad people leave, one at a time.
Herrscher of the Void: We’ll start with the girl with the funny hairdo, then the girl with that big cross…
Herrscher of the Void: Alright, my other half… it’s just you and me now. Let us finish our last dance and complete the ritual!
Mei: …!
Herrscher of the Void: Good. Now let me take a closer look at how insects struggle in vain.
Theresa: Mei, Bronya, maintain formation!
Theresa: Buckle up, girls! We’re doing this!


CG plays wherein Theresa dons her personal Godsbane battlesuit, Blood Knight: Moonlight, to combat Sirin:
Theresa: You shall not prevail here! We will defeat you!


















Theresa: Ah… hnnggh…
Herrscher of the Void: Got you, baby doll☆
Mei: ...Principal Theresa!
The dizzying sense of zero gravity hit Theresa hard.
When she regained her senses, Theresa saw her body being launched into the air.
An unseen force gripped her neck and her limbs.
Herrscher of the Void: Never expected such a cute little thing to pack so much power.
Herrscher of the Void: Your eyes betray emotions of care, love, and plenty of regret.
Theresa: …!
Herrscher of the Void: I remember seeing those eyes before I fell asleep.
Herrscher of the Void: She extended her hand and fantasized about helping me. What a fool.
Herrscher of the Void: She didn’t understand me. She was powerless to save anything.
Herrscher of the Void: She was a self-righteous idiot who indulged stupid fairy tailes of saving and redeeming others.
Herrscher of the Void: ----You’ve hardly changed at all.
Theresa: …
Theresa: That’s right… I know that…
Theresa: Ah… hnnggh…
Theresa: That’s… how I catch my foe!
Herrscher of the Void: …!
Theresa: You’re finally within firing range!
Herrscher of the Void: Those chains again! Don’t you ever give up?
Bronya: It’s different this time.
Bronya: Star of Eden! Switch to Level 1 output! All powers to max!
A powerful gravity wave washed over the Herrscher, driving the anti-Honkai shackles deeper into her body.
Herrscher of the Void: …!
Theresa: You can’t escape! The Oath of Judah… has caught you!
Theresa: I won’t let go… even at the cost of my life!
Herrscher of the Void: …
Herrscher of the Void: …
Herrscher of the Void: ...Oh really☆?
Herrscher of the Void: Do you really think that these ancient toys can work on me?
Theresa: ...What?!
Theresa: Urk… ugh…
Herrscher of the Void: Do you feel smart? Is victory within sight? Feeling hopeful yet?
Herrscher of the Void: Exciting dramas tend to have a heart-rending climax. I love those shows.
Herrscher of the Void: The will to survive… hope for the future… doing anything you can to defend all those that you hold dear…
Herrscher of the Void: Nothing but pathetic toys before me!
Herrscher of the Void: Your existence is worthless!
Herrscher of the Void: Hahahahaha!
Herrscher of the Void: KYAAHAHAHAHAH!
Operator: Report!
Operator: Honkai energy spike detected! The wavelength coincides with the Gem of Serenity!
Einstein: ...Gem of Serenity?
Einstein: No… wait…
Einstein: So it was there all along…
Einstein: ---The Gem of Serenity was implanted into Kiana’s body to wake the Herrscher!


Gameplay 9-5 - Blitz of Annihilation:
Herrscher of the Void: Do you want to get this body back and save the girl?
Herrscher of the Void: You do, right? Is she a loved friend and member of your little family?
Herrscher of the Void: Did you build sweet little memories together? Made any lasting promises?
Herrscher of the Void: If that’s the case…
Herrscher of the Void: Then I shall kill you all one by one with her hands and her body.
Herrscher of the Void: Those who love her and are trying to save her shall suffer a most grisly death…
Herrscher of the Void: I shall shatter your beautiful memories… and transform them into a hellscape of despair and pain.
Herrscher of the Void: She will then witness your mangled bodies before I smother her out for good.
Herrscher of the Void: Family, friends, happiness, dreams, future, and hope…
Herrscher of the Void: She does not deserve this. She is unworthy of this. She will never get these things!
Herrscher of the Void: I’ll start with you!
Mei: What…!


CG plays wherein Sirin takes the Gem of Conquest from within Mei:
Herrscher of the Void: My dearest Mei, you are the other half of my desires, the burning passion of my soul.
Herrscher of the Void: Wait no longer. Embrace me! Join your strength with mine!


Mei: Ah… hnnggh…
Theresa: ...Mei!!
Bronya: She’s absorbing the Gem of Conquest…!
Herrscher of the Void: KYAAAHAHAHAHAH!
Herrscher of the Void: This thunderclap is music to my ears!
Herrscher of the Void: Come! Offer yourself up to your God!
Herrscher of the Void: We hereby declare Judgment Day!
Theresa: Ah… hnnggh…
Bronya: ...Theresa!
Herrscher of the Void: Are you ready to accept your fate?
Herrscher of the Void: …
Herrscher of the Void: Oh… another annoying gnat!
Bronya: This reaction…!


CG plays wherein Fu Hua arrives just in time to combat Sirin:
Bronya: It’s… Class Monitor Fu Hua?


Gameplay 9-5S - Eye of the Night:
Rita: …
Rita: ...I did not expect Master Fu Hua to make that choice.
Rita: This really is the worst case scenario.
Rita: ...I must return to the Church and prepare for this.
Rita: Once the situation gets out of control, we must prepare our “Holy Blood”.


Act 2 - Diverging Paths:
Gameplay 9-6 - Opposing Views:
13 minutes ago. Containment Bay 7. Helheim Honkai Energy System Lab. Schicksal HQ.
This 15 square meter room was originally used to contain test subjects.
The room was furnished with only a small bed, basic sanitary facilities, and bare concrete walls.
Beep, beep.
Rita: The test results are out. Miss Murata’s vitals have returned to normal.
Fu Hua: She’s still unconscious.
Rita: Her body has endured extended periods of abuse and over-exhaustion.
Rita: Oh, don’t blame yourself, Master Fu Hua. It has nothing to do with the battle.
Fu Hua: …
Rita: We’re supposed to send them back to the Church. This accident was unexpected. We should treat them first.
Rita: I’ve provided emergency treatment using these facilities. Decent rest will restore her health.
Rita: Now, allow me to excuse myself.
Rita: You see, Dr. Tesla must be accommodated as well. I shall meet you again once everything is in place.
Rita: I’m leaving this place to your care, Master Fu Hua.
Rita bowed and left the containment rooms briskly without giving Fu Hua a second glance.
Fu Hua: Rita has all corners covered.
Fu Hua: I’ll just forget her for now.
Fu Hua then walked to the side of the bed.
It is hard to imagine that a strong warrior like Himeko could appear so vulnerable on the sick bed.
Fu Hua: …
Fu Hua opened her right hand towards her. A warm glow emanated from her palm.
A rosy light shone on Himeko’s body. Her breathing gradually became less labored.
Fu Hua: (This will help soothe the pain.)
Several pristine feathers sparkled in the light.
They slowly drifted downwards, scattering about the floor and walls, giving off light as they floated.
When the feathers finally dissipated, a brief moment of pain flashed across Fu Hua’s expressionless face.
Fu Hua: …
Fu Hua: (It’s… alright… I have more of these feathers…)
She gritted her teeth and continued to give off the light…
Alarm: …!
Fu Hua: ...A warning!
Alarm: ---Non-combat personnel, please report to the nearest shelter!
Fu Hua: Has it finally started?
Fu Hua: I’m… ready.
Fu Hua set her task aside and left the containment bay.
Outer passageway. Containment Area. Honkai Energy System Labs: Helheim.
Rita: Master Fu Hua, the Overseer has sent a message.
Rita: The experiment worked, and the Herrscher has awakened.
Fu Hua: Hmph. Let’s go.
Alarm: ---Non-combat personnel, please report to the nearest shelter!
Fu Hua: Honkai beasts? Have they already made it this far?
Fu Hua: We can’t let the containment facilities be destroyed!
Rita: The Honkai barrier of the containment area is down. We’ll need to reset it.
Rita: There are 3 control terminals. All of them should be nearby.
SYSTEM: Command confirmed. Generating barrier…
Rita: Good enough. Look for the next terminal.
SYSTEM: Command confirmed. Generating barrier…
Fu Hua: Hostiles!
Rita: All nearby Honkai beast signals are gone. This place is safe for now.
Rita: ...I’ve never seen the HQ so badly damaged before.
Fu Hua: Where did you imprison the red-haired girl?
Rita: Don’t you worry. She’s well-accommodated in the guard tower to the north.
Rita: The defense systems over there are just as robust as what we have here in the Containment Area.
Fu Hua: ...Understood. Continue your mission.
Rita: Rita here, Overseer.
Rita: We have neutralised all the Honkai beasts that were infiltrating the Helheim Labs. Awaiting further orders.
Otto: Good. Stay put. Durandal will lead the Immortal Blades and rendezvous with you there.
Otto: Let us welcome the moment when God herself bows before humanity.
Rita: Understood.
Fu Hua: Wait. Durandal is heading our way?
Fu Hua: Then who’s dealing with the Herrscher? She’s the only one who can fight them head-on!
Otto: Don’t worry. Everything is under my control.
Otto: Theresa will help us secure Herrscher-grade powers.
Fu Hua: What? Theresa is fighting the Herrscher?
Otto: Hoho, calm down, my friend.
Brrzzaaa… brrzzap!
Fu Hua: Hello? Hello?
Rita: Apologies. Communication systems are down. I’ll run a check.
Rita: …
Rita: An EMP attack hit us pretty close. Comm systems are down.
Fu Hua: (EMP? Could it be Mei?)
Fu Hua: Rita, fix the comm systems and contact Durandal.
Fu Hua: Tell her that the awakened Herrscher may have broken free of our control. Muster the Valkyries.
Fu Hua: I’ll delay the Herrscher to win some time…
Rita: Master Fu Hua.
Rita: Apologies, I cannot obey.






Gameplay 9-7 - Blossoming Scythe:
Fu Hua: ...Why?
Rita: The Overseer did not order us to fight the Herrscher.
Fu Hua: What?!
Rita: Allow me to explain.
Rita: The Overseer has several trump cards up his sleeve.
Rita: He has yet to use any of them. The situation is still very much within our control.
Rita: He won’t be pleased if we meddle with his plan.
Fu Hua: I do not intend to argue with you. You don’t have to help me.
Fu Hua: Just to let you know, the plan went out of control once that Herrscher started attacking the innocent.
Fu Hua: I will stop her.
Rita: You still don’t understand, Master Fu Hua.
Rita: We’re in a massive maelstrom of chaos.
Rita: Every action will lead to unknown consequences.
Rita: The Overseer ordered me…
Rita: ...To make sure you don’t jeopardise our plans and everyone’s lives.
Rita: Master Fu Hua, I don’t want to say you’re wrong, nor judge your actions.
Rita: Like you, I am obliged to defend my position and uphold my duties.
Fu Hua: Hmph. Talk won’t resolve this.
Fu Hua: ...Get out of my way!
Rita: If our paths must cross…
Rita: ...Then I will do what I can to defend my position.
Rita: Valkyrie Rita Rossweisse apologises for being rude.
Scythe collided with gauntlets, giving off blossoms of fiery, bright sparks.
Fu Hua: (Every swing was well-calculated… but she’s only holding out against my attacks…)
Fu Hua: (She’s trying to delay me…)
Fu Hua: (I’m running out of time…)
Fu Hua: (...This might hurt her, but I have no other choice…)
Rita: Are you tapping into the power of your Divine Keys, Master Fu Hua?
Rita: Well then, to protect myself…
Rita: ...I have no choice but to give it my best.












CG plays wherein Durandal intervenes in the fight by throwing the Abyss Flower between Fu Hua and Rita
Fu Hua: Incoming…
Rita: Oh?
Fu Hua: Durandal?


There she stood…
Heir to the Key of Creation: the Abyss Flower. This is none other than…
...S-rank Valkyrie, Durandal, the most powerful warrior of Schicksal.
Rita: ...Master Durandal?
Durandal: Enough, Rita.
Rita: …
Rita: Understood.
Fu Hua: (She’s put away her scythe…)
Durandal: Go now, Fu Hua.
Fu Hua: …?
Durandal: We cannot offer you any support.
Durandal: But we fight to defend our faith and the people we love.
Durandal: I would have made the same choice if I were in your shoes.
Fu Hua: …
Fu Hua: Thank you. I will repay this kindness.
Fu Hua leaped off the edge of the floating island and disappeared into the whirling skies.
The two looked at the skies without a word. Rita was the first to break the silence.
Rita: Why didn’t you stop her?
Rita: ...She will die.
Durandal: It’s her choice.
Rita: What a shame. I actually like her a lot.
























Gameplay 9-8 - Cacophonous Interlude:
The same CG plays again, looping back to Fu Hua arriving to fight Sirin:
Bronya: It’s… Class Monitor Fu Hua?


Bronya: Fu Hua?
Fu Hua: Mei, Theresa…
Fu Hua: Bronya, get them out of here. Do not come back.
Fu Hua: You cannot defeat this enemy.
Bronya: ...Affirmative.
Bronya: The Bronya thanks the Class Monitor.
Bronya: The Bronya thanks Fu Hua for bringing her out of the dreamland.
Fu Hua: …
Fu Hua: ...Go now!
Herrscher of the Void: Hah! You humans are like maggots. Kill one and dozens take its place.
Herrscher of the Void: Come at me all you want, worthless scum☆
Herrscher of the Void: Someone should tell you that it’s rude to disturb someone else’s party.
Fu Hua: Hmph. Enough words!
Herrscher of the Void: How surprising.
Herrscher of the Void: I… remember you.
Herrscher of the Void: That funny outfit, that despicable face… you’ve caused me a great deal of grief.
Herrscher of the Void: Did you come to protect this girl as well?
Fu Hua: Are you done talking yet?
Herrscher of the Void: Hmph. Insect…
Herrscher of the Void: You shall pay for your insolence!


























Gameplay 9-9 - Broken Time:
Fu Hua: Ah… hnnggh…
Herrscher of the Void: I must admit, you are slightly different.
Herrscher of the Void: Unfortunately, you’re just a human.
...The Herrscher was wounded by the attacks.
...But her wounds healed at an astonishing speed.
The Gem of Serenity bestowed upon her an impregnable shield through the Herrscher of Death’s powers.
There’s no way to get through.
Such evil powers tilted the scales in her favor.
Herrscher of the Void: Odd.
Herrscher of the Void: You didn’t go all out against me.
Herrscher of the Void: ---Why? You wield two Divine Keys, and yet you refuse to unleash the second one.
Fu Hua: …
Herrscher of the Void: Why don’t you use it? Perhaps you don’t know how.
Herrscher of the Void: Maybe it’s… unusable?
Herrscher of the Void: No matter. You can’t change anything.
Herrscher of the Void: ...Go meet your maker.
(Clap, clap, clap)
The slow clap interrupted the Herrscher just before she launched her lance.
She turned around and saw an uninvited guest on the battlefield.
Otto: ...A most exciting battle.
Otto: You are indeed the Queen of the Honkai. Your beauty and form are simply sublime.
Herrscher of the Void: You… I know you…
Herrscher of the Void: You are the pathetic human who woke me… who aspires to the powers of God.
Otto:  Haha… It’s an honor to be remembered by you, my Queen.
Otto: I am hoping that you may spare this one to return the favor of reviving you.
Otto pointed at the defeated Valkyrie held hostage by the Herrscher.
Crimson fluid began to flow from his body at the same time.
A blood-like fluid spiraled upwards along Otto’s arms.
It finally congregated into numerous sharp spines.
The blood spines were pointed at the Herrscher, and seemed poised for launching.
Otto: She is a friend. And I do hope that you won’t hurt my friend.
Otto spoke in his usual nonchalant and mischievous tone.
But the Herrscher did not think so.
It was not Otto himself, but the blood spines that disturbed her.
It felt familiar to her, yet strange and alien at the same time.
Would she fight this clown?
Herrscher of the Void: …
Herrscher of the Void: Hmph. Killing her would soil my hands. I’ll leave her to your care.
The Queen did not choose to fight.
She felt the man giving off an aura similar to hers.
He also emanated a powerful aura of focus and dedication, things that she didn’t have.
Otto: There is no doubt that you are behind the 2nd Honkai War, and pose the greatest threat to humanity.
Otto: You wield great powers and have the vision to see your plans through.
Herrscher of the Void: Boring flattery.
Herrscher of the Void: I’m not interested in you. I only care about the girls.
Herrscher of the Void: I didn’t expect someone like you to be leading humanity. You are indeed pathetic.
The Herrscher cast her hostage aside and disappeared into the Void.
Otto: …
Otto strolled over to Fu Hua and looked down at her.
Otto: What a gruesome fight.
Otto: The last time I saw you hurt this badly was at Heaven’s Pinnacle, 500 years ago.
Fu Hua: …
Otto: I’ll get you treated. In any case, we need to celebrate the successful conclusion of Phase 1.
Fu Hua: ...What?
Otto: You can still talk?
Fu Hua: Why did you allow her to leave?
Fu Hua: You should know that she plans to…
Otto: I know. She’s after Theresa.
Otto: She will catch up to the girls soon.
Otto: No one will be getting in our way this time.
Otto: They will fight to the last breath.
Fu Hua: What are you talking about?
Otto: Of course, I never told you about this.
Otto: Don’t worry. It will be music to your ears.
Otto: ...K423 is still alive. In fact, I need her alive.
Fu Hua: …?
Otto: You see, that body now houses two minds.
Otto: There’s K423, whom you address as Kiana, and then there’s Sirin, the Herrscher of the Void.
Otto: After absorbing the Gem of Serenity and highly concentrated Honkai energy…
Otto: Sirin’s consciousness within that body began to stir.
Otto: She then successfully took over the vessel to revive the Herrscher of the Void.
Otto: ...But this is not the ending I intended.
Otto: We would call this Phase 1. True testing will commence after this.
Otto: Despite Sirin’s takeover, K423 is very much alive. She’s only sleeping.
Otto: What would happen if K423 overpowers Sirin?
Otto: ...The answer is simple: we’d end up with a human with Herrscher powers.
Otto: This has been proven with the 3rd and 4th Herrschers.
Otto: Suppressing the Herrscher’s mind will not deprive her of her powers.
Otto: It’s far easier to control a human instead of a Herrscher.
Otto: It’s not easy to make K423 win. But it’s not impossible either.
Fu Hua: Are you planning…?!
Otto: Yes I am.
Otto: We have to use emotional ties. Emotions can bring about miracles.
Fu Hua: You…!
Otto: I believe that relationships between people can bring about the greatest feats of power.
Otto: K423 spent quite a while in St. Freya…
Otto: She built unbreakable ties and friendships with her classmates.
Otto: Such warm and happy memories will empower K423, and allow her to defeat the loveless Herrscher.
Fu Hua: They… they’ll be killed!
Otto: Yes, I know. There is a great disparity between their powers.
Otto: But I cannot offer them any assistance. I will not allow anyone to interfere in this holy struggle.
Otto: Humanity burns brightest in desperate moments like this.
Otto: According to my calculations…
Otto: ...K423 will retake her body once a Valkyrie is brave enough to sacrifice herself.
Otto: I believe in Theresa and her students.
Otto: They will kill the Herrscher with love…
Otto: ---Only they can achieve this great endeavour.
Fu Hua: …
---Madness!
---This man has gone mad!
---No! He was already mad to begin with.
Fu Hua: Haha…
Fu Hua: Hahahaha…
Otto: …
Otto: I am asking you a serious question, my friend.
Otto: I chose to tell you everything because your actions are beyond my control.
Otto: Do you plan to oppose me?
Otto: Are you still trying to stop me?
The laughter stopped.
Fu Hua gritted her teeth and gave her answer---
Fu Hua: ...Friend?
Fu Hua: I sense no sympathy or decency from your words… only utter selfishness and lies…
Fu Hua: You trample on emotions and toy with the destiny of others…
Fu Hua: You don’t even realise how vile your actions are…
Fu Hua: Otto Apocalypse…
Fu Hua: You’ve made me realise just how hateful and despicable you are…
…
Lightning streaked across the heavens as dark clouds covered the skies.
...The smile on Otto’s face slowly disappeared.
Golden rays slowly condensed into a gun in his hand.
It was none other than the Judgment of Shamash.
He pointed the weapon at the prone figure.
He did it slowly.
500 years’ worth of memories was nothing but a fleeting dream to him.
Nothing more than the briefest of moments.
He made up his mind once he got back to his senses.
Otto: …
Otto: …
Otto: I did not lie, Master Jingwei.
BANG…!


Act 3 - Land of the Dead:
Gameplay 9-10 - Reunion:
Patter… Patter…
The sounds echoed in her ears.
It sounded like rain splattering on an umbrella… or the fluttering of a dove’s wings.
When she opened her eyes, the first thing she saw was the metal-plated ceiling.
Himeko: ...Where is this place?
Himeko swooned as she struggled to get up.
Himeko: ...Is this a prison?
Himeko: Of course, I was defeated and arrested. What happened next?
She nearly fell flat on the ground when trying to get out of bed.
Patter… patter…
A strange sound continued to echo within her mind.
Himeko: Gosh, this noise in my head…
Himeko: My body feels so clumsy and heavy… how long have I slept?
Himeko: I must get out of here… Theresa and the girls… They need my help…
She staggered to the door, but the noise in her head kept getting louder and louder.
Exhaustion soon overwhelmed her. She collapsed and fell on the floor, only a few feet from the door.
Himeko struggled to sit up, panting laboriously as she leaned against the metal doors.
Himeko: Huff… huff…
She suddenly noticed a test tube in her hands.


CG plays wherein Himeko ponders as to why she has the serum, with a strange-looking Fu Hua appearing before her:
Himeko: A serum? Where did it come from? Was it you, Fu Hua?


Fu Hua: …
Himeko: ...You’ve changed a lot.
Fu Hua: …
Himeko: So what can this prisoner do for you?
Fu Hua: ...That tube contains a Honkai-neutralising serum that will delay the Honkai corruption in your body.
Fu Hua: ...Find a safe place to use it.
Fu Hua: You will lose your Valkyrie powers after the serum neutralises the Honkai within you.
Himeko: …
Himeko: ...A gift? Thanks anyway…
Fu Hua: The Herrscher has awoken.
Himeko: …!
Fu Hua: Leave this place, then head north. You will see a guard tower.
Fu Hua: That place is safe. You can hide there. There will be guards along the way, but nothing strong enough to stop you.
Himeko: I don’t need to know that. Where are Theresa and the girls?
Fu Hua: …
Fu Hua: If you want to save your friends…
Fu Hua: ...Then go around the tower. I will be waiting at the labs on the other side.
Himeko: …?
Himeko: Hey, don’t leave me just yet…
There was no response. Nothing could be heard on the other side.
Himeko forced herself to stand up and shoved the door open with every shred of her strength.
And then something surprising happened.
Himeko: Hmm, the door is ajar. Someone else probably opened it.
Himeko: ...No time for this.
She stuffed the serum into a pocket and quickly left Containment Bay 7.
Himeko: Drone patrols…
Himeko: Can’t risk detection. I’ll go around carefully…
Himeko: That building over there should be the guard tower that Fu Hua mentioned…
Himeko: The labs should be around it… but it seems to be guarded…
Himeko: Gotta find a weapon first…
Himeko: There’s a small passageway here. I can avoid enemy patrols here.
Himeko: A Proto Pulse Cleaver… grr… well, it’s better than nothing.
Himeko: I’ve heard of the Helheim Labs before, but never expected to be here myself.
Himeko: This place sure creeps me out.
Himeko: Huff… huff…
Himeko: That’s the last of them…
Himeko: This is the guard tower… we need to go up.
Himeko: …! Is anyone there?
???: Hnnggh…
Himeko: ...That voice?
???: Hnngh hnngh hng hngh hnngggh!
Tesla: Hnngh hnghhngh hgnhhgnh!
Himeko: Tesla?
Himeko saw a familiar figure in the distance.
Tesla was tied to a chair with plenty of rope. She couldn’t move at all.
They even gagged her with an intricate, black-colored scarf. Himeko tried not to laugh at this hilarious sight.
Himeko: Calm down. I’ll ungag you.
Tesla: Hnnggh…
Tesla: …!
Tesla: That evil maid! I don’t want to see her ever again!
Himeko: What did she do to you?
Tesla: ...She gave me a world of humiliation.
Furious at being tied to a chair, Tesla shook her body violently.
Himeko then realised that the rope was tied into a beautiful knot behind her back.
...The knot looked so perfect that it was almost a shame to untie it.
Himeko: ...Oh dear.
Tesla: She kept apologising while tying me up!
Tesla: “Ooooh… I’m so sorry, this might hurt…” What the hell?! Why would you tie me up if you were sorry at all?!
Tesla: The worst part was that she “kindly” applied some perfume to her hankie. That’s not funny at all.
Himeko: I’ll untie you first…
Himeko told Tesla what happened before this.
Himeko: ...That’s all I know.
Tesla: Now I’m really worried about mophead…
Tesla: ...We’re not in great shape either.
Tesla: I guess we can only head to that lab that somebody mentioned.
Tesla: We need to find a way to contact the Hyperion.
SYSTEM: Beep…
SYSTEM: Error code 110327. Target not found. Access denied.
Himeko: This elevator looks broken.
Tesla: It’s just an elevator. I’ll let you call me retarded if I can’t fix this.
Tesla: Let’s backtrack a bit. I need a terminal connected to the mainframe.
Tesla: A question.
Tesla: What’s up with that second-rate sword?
Himeko: I’ve got a question myself. Is there something better than this butter knife?
Himeko: Let’s look at what’s inside these 2 chests.
Tesla: This place should have plenty of Honkai-powered weapons.
Tesla: See if you can find anything that strikes your fancy.
Himeko: There’s a usable cross weapon here, but I’m not specialised in handling that sort of weapon.
Himeko: Theresa…
Himeko: There are only some scraps and components left inside…
Himeko: Let’s look somewhere else.
Himeko: There seems to be a chest down there too.
Himeko: Balmung… This one looks like it will do.
Himeko: I’ll give it a try after finding the terminal. Tesla will need to activate the elevator.
Tesla took out a small red device from her gauntlet and inserted it into the terminal port.
Beep…
SYSTEM: Login device not found. You may need to install device drivers first…
SYSTEM: Beep…
SYSTEM: Bee… beep…
SYSTEM: …. …. …. ….---.... …. …. …. …. …. …. …. …. …. …. …. ….
Tesla: That’s it.


















Gameplay 9-11 - Deep Thought:
Tesla: We’ve reached the main system. Searching for targets.
Tesla: Help me finish off the system’s defensive protocols.
Tesla: This place… and all this vile experimental data…
Tesla: I’ve locked onto the target.
Tesla: Switching off this module will paralyse the lab’s defenses.
Tesla: It’ll get the elevator moving, but we’ll have to deal with some caged animals.
Himeko: Nothing I can do about that.
Tesla: We can leave the mess to Schicksal.
SYSTEM: ...Access request verified. Commence system shutdown.


Gameplay 9-12 - Wandering Revenant:
Himeko: The escaped test subjects are rushing in!
Himeko: Damn! There are too many of them!
Tesla: Get back to the elevator!
Himeko: I’ll hold them off. Get yourself to safety!
Himeko: What’s this?
Tesla: Not good.
Tesla: We must have triggered the panic defense system!
Tesla: Careful. This one is dangerous.
Himeko: It’s slowing down…
Tesla: That’s because I’ve disrupted its AI systems.
Tesla: Now’s the time! Run for it!


Gameplay 9-13 - Heart of the Abyss:
Tesla: Huff… huff… finally got rid of the riff raff…
Tesla: What is Schicksal researching in this place?
Himeko: Huff… huff…
Tesla: Hey! Are you alright?
Himeko: It’s just a flesh wound.
Tesla: You should stop over-exerting yourself.
Tesla suddenly noticed something that piqued her interest.
Tesla: Finally! A comm device! We’ll be able to get in touch with mophead now!
She punched at it like a lion after a deer.
SYSTEM: Beep…
SYSTEM: Be… beeeeep…
-- But Tesla got nothing but static.
Tesla: ...Dammit!!
She lashed out with a kick at a metal container, and sat on the ground.
Tesla: …
Himeko: You look terrible.
Tesla: ...You’re one to talk.
Himeko: Let’s push on. We don’t seem to have a lot of options.
Himeko: Fu Hua said that there’s something in the lab that can save everybody.
Himeko: Perhaps it’s something that we can use to defeat the Herrscher.
Himeko: Schicksal must have a fail-safe plan somewhere in case the situation goes out of control.
Himeko: Perhaps that’s where the answers lie.
Tesla: …
Tesla: Alright. I don’t think I can convince you.
Tesla: Just to be safe, I’ve set these coordinates to keep broadcasting an encrypted signal.
Tesla: ...I just hope that they can see it.
Tesla: ...But still, you know, right? That’s it. Let’s go.
Himeko: …
Himeko: (Alright, Fu Hua. I’m gonna force you to tell me the truth…)
Tesla: Whoah…
Tesla: Gravity’s been reversed in this tower.
Himeko: ...Those rings have created some sort of special grav field.
Himeko: I wonder what this massive installation is used for…
Tesla: Huff… huff…
Himeko: Can you still walk?
Tesla: You’ve gotta be joking. I’m fine!
Tesla: Never expected you to keep fighting despite all those injuries.
Himeko: I can still handle enemies like these.
Himeko: Never underestimate the Assault Squad Valkyries.
Tesla: Assault Squad?
Himeko: …
Himeko: ...I used to serve in the Assault Squad.
Himeko: I served as a Valkyrie for 10 years.
Himeko: I’ve lost count of the number of enemies I’ve killed.
Himeko: But that number is definitely way more than this.
Himeko: Zombies, special forces, test subjects, Emperor-class Honkai beasts…
Himeko: The enemies just kept getting stronger, all trying to put me 6-feet under.
Himeko: But I always survived.
Himeko: …








Himeko: Don’t worry. We’re just fighting something new.
Himeko: And like always…
Himeko: ...There’s always a means of finishing them off.
Tesla: …
Tesla: ...You know, your words don’t sound very comforting at all.
Himeko: Hah…
Himeko: We’re close to the target. Let’s go.
Tesla: Plenty of guards here.
Himeko: We came to the right place. This lab is definitely hiding something.
Tesla: Let’s get things sorted out before we enter.
Tesla: We’ll barge in, bash everything, and find the secrets kept here.
Tesla: Then we’ll take the stuff and head back to the Hyperion.
Tesla: Finally, we’ll pummel the Herrscher and send her packing. Mission accomplished.
Himeko: Hahaha. I like your sense of humor, Dr. Tesla.
Himeko: Ready or not, here we come.


Act 4 - Halls of Sin:
Gameplay 9-14 - Unlit Palace:
Tesla: What?!
Himeko: …!
An array of highly advanced machining robots covered the entire floor.
These facilities were connected to each other to form a massive assembly line.
Himeko: This looks more like a fab than a lab!
A sudden alarm interrupted the two girls before they could figure things out.
Himeko: I guess here comes the welcome party.
Himeko: We’ll mop these up and get to the bottom of this.
Energy is continuously flowing down the tubes.
What is this lab hiding?
Beeep… beep…
Himeko: ...This may not be a big place, but it sure is filled with secrets.
Tesla: I’ve found the lab’s control hub. Let me take a look through this.
Tesla: Gimme 10 minutes.
Himeko: Alright. I need a break myself.
Tesla did not respond. She was immersed in the data displayed on the screen.
Himeko found a quiet place to sit down.
She could hear the familiar voice in her ears.
???: ...You’re really hurt.
Himeko: There you are, girl…
Himeko: Is this the place you were talking about, Fu Hua?
Fu Hua: ...No, not yet. Head to the bottom-most floor. You’ll find the answers there.
Fu Hua: …
Fu Hua: Wait, these machines… I recognise this symbol…
Fu Hua: …
Fu Hua: Well, Otto sure seems to have hidden a trump card down here.
Fu Hua: I take back my words. You can find some answers on this floor as well.
Fu Hua: Look for it. You must find it.
Tesla: ...Hey!
Tesla’s angry outburst distracted Himeko. When she turned around, Fu Hua was already gone.
Himeko: Hey?!
Tesla: What the hell is wrong with you? Kept shouting at you all this while. You were completely phased out!
Himeko: ...Phased out?
Tesla: Hmph. Must be all that fighting. It probably gave you shell shock or something.
Tesla: ...Forget it. Get over here! I found something awesome!
Himeko: …
Himeko: (Something awesome?)


Gameplay 9-15 - Fruit of Sin:
SYSTEM: …
SYSTEM: Log TBOS-2000-0106.
SYSTEM: Success.
SYSTEM: There was an accident, but the Herrscher Slayer proved its worth in the 2nd Honkai War.
SYSTEM: Cecilia’s blood seed is near completion.
SYSTEM: ...I just need that final piece to perfect the Holy Blood of Schariac.
SYSTEM: …
Tesla: ...Herrscher Slayer? I heard that Otto deployed that secret weapon during the 2nd Honkai War.
Himeko: Let’s read on.
SYSTEM: Log TBOS-2014-0007.
SYSTEM: ...This frustrates me.
SYSTEM: We’ve spent 14 years on this. The last piece of the Holy Blood remains elusive. No progress has been made.
SYSTEM: Am I becoming too…
SYSTEM: Bee… beep…
SYSTEM: …. …. …. …. …. …. …. …. …. …. …. …. …. …. …. …. …. ….
SYSTEM: …. …. …. ,  …. …. …. ,  …. …. …. …. …. ….
Alarm: …!
Himeko: What’s going on?!
Tesla: Tsk. The mainframe firewall just activated.
Tesla: It’s alright. I can take care of this.
SYSTEM: --
Tesla: Finally! Some peace and quiet!
SYSTEM: …. …. …. …. …. …. …. ….
SYSTEM: …
SYSTEM: Log TBOS-2014-0007.
SYSTEM: ...This frustrates me.
SYSTEM: We’ve spent 14 years on this. The last piece of the Holy Blood remains elusive. No progress has been made.
SYSTEM: Am I becoming too impatient? No. I’ve been patient for 500 years.
SYSTEM: ...The project to activate all 3 Gems is still on schedule. We can move onto the testing phase.
SYSTEM: But the entire project will be delayed if we can’t recreate the Holy Blood.
SYSTEM: ...It didn’t work.
Tesla: Looks like he reached a bottleneck.
Himeko: He’s found a solution by now, right?
Tesla: Let’s keep looking.
Tesla: Make use of the time and push forward!
SYSTEM: Log TBOS-HV-0001.
SYSTEM: Dr. Magi is a true genius.
Tesla: Dr… Magi?
SYSTEM: He came up with the HSN-b46 serum that deactivates Honkai in vivo and dissipates it as heat.
SYSTEM: He wanted to cure the Valkyries of the Honkai… but I knew at first glance what the true value of the serum was.
SYSTEM: This is the “final piece” of the puzzle needed to complete the Holy Blood.
SYSTEM: Alas… the good Dr. Magi is no longer around. I would have invited him to share a glass or two with me.
SYSTEM: …
SYSTEM: …
SYSTEM: Log TBOS-HV-0438.
SYSTEM: After adding a calculated ratio of (HSN-f-032)…
SYSTEM: ...And introducing the HSN-b46 serum into the Holy Blood sample, the solution turned bright red.
SYSTEM: Experiment logs. Actual trials: 1.
SYSTEM: There are 3 experimental groups: normal females, C-rank Valkyries, and female infected.
SYSTEM: All subjects are 18 years of age. Height, weight, and various other physios are within the global average.
SYSTEM: Results:
SYSTEM: Normal females did not show any observable reactions after injection of the serum.
SYSTEM: The Valkyries lost their ability to wield the Honkai.
SYSTEM: Group 3 was the most interesting.
SYSTEM: The infected zombies entered a state of pain and began to rampage. A few lost consciousness…
SYSTEM: ...And we detected faint brainwave signals from the unconscious subjects.
SYSTEM: More testing is required to prove our hypothesis.
SYSTEM: But we need plenty of resources to prepare the HSN-b46 serum. This shortage is hampering our progress.
SYSTEM: …
Tesla: What an idiot! Can’t this researcher just complete the study in one go? I want to know the final results!
Tesla: But I sense that we’re close to what we’re looking for…
Himeko: (HSN-b46…?)
Himeko: The passageway splits up ahead.
Tesla: We need to unlock 2 terminals here.
Tesla: Let’s hack into one first. We’re running out of time.
Tesla: One more to go. Quick, to the other side!
Tesla: We did it! We have access to the deepest floor!


































Tesla: This is the final log… I better see something useful!
SYSTEM: …
SYSTEM: Log …. …. …. …. - …. …. …. - …. …. …. ….
SYSTEM: Haha…
SYSTEM: Whew whee! Guahahaha! Muahahaha…
Tesla: …?
Tesla: ...What’s wrong with this record?
SYSTEM: Eureka!
SYSTEM: Injecting a Holy Blood serum mixture weakened an Emperor-class Honkai beast at observable rates…
SYSTEM: Its body could no longer control its inner Honkai energy.
SYSTEM: The Emperor-class Honkai beast was then instantly reduced to ashes.
SYSTEM: Humanity’s Spear of Destiny is finally complete!
SYSTEM: Everything is in place.
SYSTEM: K423 has enrolled in St. Freya High School. My informant is in position. And now…
SYSTEM: Of course, the Spear of Destiny is now in my hands.
SYSTEM: I’ll wait for the fruit of my labors to ripen and fall into my hands!


Gameplay 9-16 - The Sleeping Knight:
Tesla: …
Himeko: …
Tesla looked at Himeko. She wanted to say something, but failed to bring voice to those words…
While she hesitated, Himeko decided to speak her mind.
Himeko: ...Can you make the Spear of Destiny?
Himeko stretched out her right hand that tightly held the red-colored serum.
HSN-b46 was printed on the other end of the test tube.
Himeko: It’s about time we make use of this.
Tesla: …
We could find samples of the Holy Blood in the labs, but we didn’t have the serum.
If they could gather the materials and experimental records, Dr. Tesla might be able to make the Spear of Destiny.
But…
Tesla: …
Tesla: Not trying to be pessimistic here…
Tesla: ...But there’s not enough of the serum in this tube. We only have 1 shot at this.
Alarm: …!
Another noise interrupted them.
Himeko stuffed the serum into Tesla’s hands and turned around.
Himeko: I’ll handle the enemies.
Himeko: You take care of this serum thing, Dr. Tesla.
Tesla: …
Tesla looked on quietly as Himeko left. She could still feel the remaining warmth of Himeko’s hand emanating from the test tube that she had given her.
She could not lend a voice to those words.
She knew that those words wouldn’t change anything.
Tesla: …
Tesla: ...Let’s do it, people. I’ll show you what we can do!
Tesla: ...Hold this place! Don’t let anyone bother me!
Himeko: These enemies came down from higher floors.
Himeko: I can’t let them get any closer to Tesla!
Himeko: Huff… huff…
Himeko: Is this that bottom floor that Fu Hua was talking about?
Tesla: Himeko? Are you still alive?
Himeko: Alive and kicking, missus.
Tesla: Is that the entrance to the bottom floor?
Tesla: …
Tesla: There shouldn’t be any enemies nearby.
Tesla: We’re running out of time. Let’s split ways. You check what’s down there…
Himeko: But you…
Tesla: Just go! I don’t have time to dally here any longer.
Tesla: Catch this.
Tesla threw down a small mechanical device.
Himeko: What’s this?
Tesla: Backup parts for a Valkyrie battlesuit. I found it in the lab.
Tesla: All this fighting has totaled your battlesuit.
Tesla: ...Don’t get killed down there. I won’t have time to salvage your corpse!
Himeko: Grr. Don’t you worry about me.
Tesla: …
Tesla: (I think she’s gone.)
Tesla: (Great.)
Tesla: (I can’t have anyone looking at this test.)
Tesla put on her gloves and took out a syringe filled with a purple fluid.
Tesla: The time is now 15:44.
Tesla: The sample has been prepared as per the protocols. Commence testing phase.
She then injected the syringe’s contents into her arm.
She first injected a Honkai solution.
Her skin quickly took on a deathly white pallor.
Her skin capillaries gave off a discomforting, red glow that spread from her wrist and along her arms.
Tesla knew what was going on. She witnessed it a countless number of times…
This is the first sign of human zombification.
But this was the first time she had seen it happening to herself.
...She did her best.
Tesla was sure that she had not made any mistakes.
If the experimental data was correct, then the fluid sample in her test tube would be the Spear of Destiny.
But that wasn’t enough.
One more thing was needed to conclude the experiment.
Any experiment would need this final step.
Indeed.
Tesla took out another syringe and took a sample of the other solution.
Theories, no matter how perfect, are just scratches on paper until put to the test.
There were no volunteers.
...Tesla had no choice but to test it on herself.
Tesla: …Hnngggh!
She injected the entire fluid sample into her thin arm.
The capillaries did not change.
...Perhaps it would take a while for the reaction to take place.
These few seconds were the most torturous moments that Tesla had ever experienced.
...It will be alright. Her theories are always right.
She tried closing her eyes.
She saw many visions in the darkness.
She saw how the serum had failed to work, allowing the Honkai to corrupt her brain.
She saw how the Honkai began rampaging, causing her arm to blossom into a mess of blood and sinew.
---How the Honkai had failed to activate inside her, but could not be neutralised…
She saw how she retained her consciousness while her body rotted and withered away.
She saw how her body reacted to it strangely while her skin assumed white and pinkish hues, transcending a zombie and becoming a mighty Honkai beast.
---One of those visions even included herself being transformed into a pink HOMU.
…
…
...She had closed her eyes for long enough.
Tesla prayed as she opened her eyes…
Tesla: Huff… huff…
All she saw was a thin, frail arm belonging to a girl.
There was nothing of note except for several blood vessels underneath her smooth and white skin.
Tesla had never thought her arm could be so beautiful.
Tesla: Oh dear…!
She collapsed to the ground like a puppet being severed from its strings.
She drew in large gulps of air and felt as though a great burden had been lifted from her.
Tesla: ...It worked!
She waved her right arm excitedly like a girl who had just received a birthday present.
Tesla: That’s right, mophead!
Tesla: I’m a true genius!!
Meanwhile, at the bottom floor of the lab.
…
The flight of stairs seemed endless.
And then it ended abruptly.
Himeko: I guess this is the bottom floor…
Himeko: Alright, Fu Hua, I’m here…
The light shone and illuminated the outlines of the chamber.
...It was a somber sight, like a holy shrine housing a relic.
Himeko: These are all 4th generation Godsbane battlesuits!
<HDA-001: Knight Extremis: Osiris>
<Type: Prototype general purpose battlesuit>
<Assignment: Confiscated>
<HDA-001: Design defects identified. Project Hunter Killer now shifted to HDA-001J>
<HDA-001J: Hell Knight: Igneous>
<Type: Heavy firepower area denial battlesuit>
<Assignment: None>
<Searching for HDA-001J-compatible subjects>
<HDA-002: Knight Moonbeam>
<Type: Long-range hunter killer battlesuit>
<Assignment: None>
<Searching for HDA-002-compatible subjects>
<HDA-003: Dark Knight: Reaper>
<Type: Stealth infiltrator battlesuit>
<Assignment: CLASSIFIED>
<Error: Security clearance level too low>
<HDA-004: Blood Knight: Moonlight>
<Type: Exoskeleton Honkai-activated battlesuit>
<Assignment: Theresa Apocalypse>
<Active. Currently stored at Far East Branch>
HDA-005: Argent Knight: Artemis>
<Type: Specialised particle-dispersion battlesuit>
<Assignment: CLASSIFIED>
<Error: Security clearance level too low>
<HDA-00X: Warrior Knight: Usagi>
<Type: Hybrid-drive imaginon battlesuit>
<Error: Missing files>
<Development project ceased>
<HDA-006: Shadow Knight: Moonblade>
<Type: High-mobility specialised close-quarters battlesuit>
<Assignment: CLASSIFIED>
<Active. Currently stored at HQ>
<Error. Target not found>
<Project transferred to other labs>
<Error: Target not found>
<Project transferred to other labs>
Himeko: Huff… huff…
Himeko pulled herself over the wreckage of the Aesir mech and made her way to the end of the corridor.
...A bright red battlesuit was kept there.
Himeko: ...I guess this is it.
Himeko: Was this the thing you wanted me to find, girl?
Fu Hua: …
Fu Hua: You finally made it here.
Fu Hua: This is what you need. Otto hid this secret here.
Fu Hua: This is his other trump card. A weapon capable of engaging the Herrscher directly…
Fu Hua: ...The prototype of the Godsbane-series battlesuits, Vermilion Knight: Eclipse.
Fu Hua: The Herrscher has awoken. This battlesuit is the only means we have to fight her.
Fu Hua: This used to be a relic from the Previous Era.
Fu Hua: After acquiring it, Schicksal used it as the basis to develop their modern Valkyrie battlesuits.
Fu Hua: But Otto could not be satisfied. He had a crazier plan.
Fu Hua: He integrated the Gem of Haste into this battlesuit to recreate the powers of the Herrscher of Fire.
Fu Hua: Before the test began, Otto ordered all S-rank Valkyries…
Fu Hua: ...To don this battlesuit and fight the Herrscher if the plan failed.
Fu Hua: ...I am in no place to use this.
Fu Hua: You are the only one I can count on.
Fu Hua: …
Fu Hua: But I’ll leave the choice to you, Major…
Himeko: Enough talk.
Himeko: …
Himeko: I’ve already made up my mind.
Fu Hua: …
Fu Hua: ...Then allow me the honor of putting the suit on you.
Fu Hua walked to the battlesuit and extended her hand.
SYSTEM: ...Access request verified. Initiate mental wave verification.
SYSTEM: ...Verification complete. Privilege category: Zeroth-order Group: Konfident.
SYSTEM: ...Request verified.
SYSTEM: Chamber seals… open. Switching to subject encasement mode.
SYSTEM: ...Process complete. Energy reactor ignited. Power supply on.
Fu Hua: ...Go.
Fu Hua: Wearing this battlesuit will allow the Herrscher Gem to corrupt your mind.
Fu Hua: I will do what I acn to delay the corruption.
Fu Hua: But you alone will make the difference.
Himeko: …
Himeko: Who are you, Fu Hua?
Fu Hua: A person like you. We both want to change the world for the better.
Himeko: …
Himeko entered the battlesuit chamber. The light shone on her body.
...The world before her eyes slowly turned white.
...It felt like the first rays of dawn, saintly yet empty at the same time.


Gameplay 9-17 - Bloodied Lotus:
Stop here. You’ve done your best.
You’ve done everything you can as a mortal.
That girl was born a Herrscher.
You can’t change her fate no matter how hard you try.
You still have a great future ahead of you.
Fool! Why sacrifice everything you hold dear?
STOP! This is madness!
There is nothing but death. This is suicide!
Himeko: Cut the crap.
Himeko: You done talking already?
Himeko: I know what I’m doing.
Himeko: They’d do the same thing as well.
Himeko: If it can be done, then I guess I’ll just have to do it.
Himeko: The girls are out there waiting for me.
Himeko: Our journey will not end here!
Fu Hua: ...That’s it!
Fu Hua: You’ve defeated your inner demons.
Fu Hua: Your human form is now temporarily blessed with Herrscher powers.
Fu Hua: My mission with you has ended.
Fu Hua: …
Fu Hua: I’m glad that I can be of help at the eleventh hour…


Gameplay 9-18 - Vermilion Unleashed:
CG plays wherein Fu Hua fades away, bidding Himeko farewell:
Fu Hua: Major Himeko, many thanks for your lessons.
Perhaps fate will bring us together again in the future.
Himeko: Thank you, Fu Hua.


The massive machine became a pile of burning scrap.
Himeko plunged her greatsword into the ground and exhaled with satisfaction.
...She could feel her heart pounding.
Her body had never felt so light before.
...Her injuries no longer ailed her.
...A reservoir of power welled up within her, waiting to be unleashed.
Himeko: Alright, girls…
Himeko: ...Hope you don’t miss me.
Himeko: Himeko’s back in action!


Act 5 - Beyond Ragnarok:
Gameplay 9-19 - End of Ragnarok:
Airspace above the Southern Outer Passageway, Helheim Honkai Energy System Labs.
Bronya: About 4km from Dr. Tesla’s signal broadcast.
Bronya: No anomalies detected in the vicinity.
Einstein: Roger that. Reduce cruising speed and begin descent. Initiate search for Dr. Tesla and company.
Einstein: Full alert, Squads. The Herrscher may attack us at any time via Imaginary Space.
Bronya: Doctor, our casualties…
Einstein: ...We’re badly hit.
Einstein: Madam Theresa’s wounds have been tended to, but it will take a while for her to fully recover.
Einstein: As for Mei… she suffered heart injuries when the Herrscher took away the Gem of Conquest.
Einstein: Her vitals are growing weaker. She must undergo cardiac surgery to survive.
Einstein: We have no choice but to withdraw after locating Tesla and the others…
Alarm: …!
Bronya: The radar has picked up a large swarm of Honkai beasts attempting to attack the battleship.
Einstein: Battle stations!
…
The thunderous ring of metal on metal was deafening. Bronya’s vision began to swirl.
Powerful inertial forces violently tossed her body about like a rag doll.
Bronya: What… happened?
Bronya: Has the Hyperion crash landed?
Her vision slowly returned. She could see light piercing through the darkness.
Bronya: Nyet… the Bronya must return…
Bronya’s vision started getting brighter.
Then she saw her.
The fire continued to burn.
Bronya: ...Major Himeko.
Himeko: Excellent work, Bronya.
Bronya: Incoming hostiles detected…
Himeko: Return to the Hyperion!
Himeko: Leave this to me!


Gameplay 9-20 - Crimson Cyclone:
Tesla: Space curvature anomaly detected. I’ve never seen Honkai energy levels this high!
Tesla: More hostiles incoming! We must stop the Herrscher from summoning more minions!
Himeko: I’ll distract the enemies. Focus on saving the wounded!
Himeko: Can we restart the Hyperion’s engines?
Tesla: Port-side armor plating compromised. Drive chamber impacted. Shock absorbing systems damaged.
Tesla: We’ll need time to make her air-worthy again. Drive conversion rates…
Himeko: Calm down. Just tell me how much time you need!
Tesla: 3 minutes. Just give me 3 minutes and we’ll be out of this place!
Tesla: A violent Honkai energy reaction is quickly closing in on our location. It’s the Herrscher!
Tesla: This is bad! We are in no position to engage here!
Himeko: Make the Hyperion sky-worthy again for repositioning!


The same CG plays again, looping back to the ninja-type zombie sneaking up on Himeko to attack her, but with us now seeing the aftermath, with Himeko prevailing to counter its attack.


Gameplay 9-21 - Journey for Tomorrow:
Drip. Drip.
Drops of her blood sizzled, dried, and blackened as they fell onto the superheated floor.
A cruel and malicious voice could be heard.
Herrscher of the Void: Oh dear, can’t believe I’m getting stopped by this. You should stick to the script, girls☆
The roiling heavens were torn apart. The Herrscher could be seen amidst the flashes of lightning.
Himeko: Kiana…
Herrscher of the Void: Found you!
Herrscher of the Void: It doesn’t matter who goes first now. You’re all insects to me.
Herrscher of the Void: I’ll start with you!
Himeko: Haha…
Himeko: I’ve been waiting for a while, sugar!
Tesla: Hey! Himeko…!
Himeko: Gather the wounded and get the ship back into the air!
Himeko: Hurry!
Herrscher of the Void: …!
Herrscher of the Void: What? That battlesuit…
Himeko: That looks painful! You’re actually bleeding! I never expected for a God to bleed.
Herrscher of the Void: Impossible…!
Herrscher of the Void: I should have killed you a dozen times over!
Himeko: Oh, I am SO sorry…
Himeko: I can be rather sticky at times.
Herrscher of the Void: ...Insolent human!
Himeko: Don’t you ever get tired of calling us insects or humans?
Himeko: I’ve a name, you know. Try to remember it when you go to hell and cry to your daddy…
Himeko: ...I’m HIMEKO MURATA!!
Herrscher of the Void: …!!
Greatsword clashed with dreadful lance. Fire blazed and shadows danced.
The Valkyrie swung her greatsword and bravely stood against the maelstrom of destruction.
Herrscher of the Void: Curses…! You’re nothing but an insect to me!
The lance coughed up blasts of lightning. The smoke smelled of death.
But the blazing greatsword whipped up a firestorm that reduced it to ashes.
Herrscher of the Void: …!
Herrscher of the Void: That armor… It’s powered by a Gem… My Gem!
Herrscher of the Void: Curses…!
Herrscher of the Void: I’ll rip you to shreds with everything I’ve got!
The Herrscher’s face was a twisted grimace. She directed all her fury towards her prey.
She would stop at nothing to annihilate the red-haired Valkyrie.
Such anger blinded her so that she never saw another pair of eyes studying her every move.
???: …
???: System control: Online. Output control: Online. Trajectory control: Online.
???: Target locked. Commencing range corrections. Correction complete.
???: …
???: We will not waste this opportunity that you’ve created for us.
???: ...Fire.
Herrscher of the Void: …?!
A powerful beam shot forth from the cannon and directly struck the Herrscher’s body.
The secret weapon hidden onboard the Hyperion was finally fired in anger.
...And it struck true.
Herrscher of the Void: What is this?
Herrscher of the Void: KYAAAAAAAAAAAA!
...Honkai energy leaked out of her broken shell.
The vast reservoir of Honkai within the Herrscher sprayed from every crack and orifice of her body.
The unbridled energy quickly transformed…
...Into bright rays of light erupting from the Herrscher that then dissipated as intense waves of heat.
Herrscher of the Void: My… my body…!
Her body was being torn apart.
Powerful photonic currents continued to bombard the Herrscher, peeling her pinions from her wrecked body.
















Edison, a scientist born in the 20th century, initiated humanity’s greatest projects for “civilian” use.
The world’s greatest Honkai energy converter, and Anti-Entropy’s ultimate weapon…
Forced after a 50-year project that heralded its appearance with one shot…
It is the weapon that bears the ideals and will of humanity…
...It is the Selene!


CG plays wherein the Herrscher of the Void creates a portal in a hurry in order to escape.


…
Beep…
Tesla: The Herrscher has escaped into Imaginary Space!
Tesla: We dealt massive damage, but she managed to escape.
Einstein: …
Einstein: Perhaps we shouldn’t have force-fired the weapon.
Einstein: We have few options left. Evac all personnel to the ship.
Einstein: Commence withdrawal right now.
The Hyperion. Lower deck passageways.
Himeko leaned against the railings outside the medical bay. People carrying the wounded rushed past her.
She tried to stanch her wounds.
She could not stop the bleeding.
Himeko: …
Himeko: I guess I did a number on myself this time.
No one heard her. The serum in her hand glistened palely and reflected her scarred face.
Himeko: …
Alarm: …!
The piercing alarm began to sound, adding even more chaos to the riotous corridor.
But to Himeko, the world was as peaceful as could be.
Himeko: Alright, I guess it’s time for a breather.
She straightened herself and went the opposite way to the rest of the crew.
Time seemed to have paused at that moment.
Himeko: You girls never do grow up.
Himeko: But… I really like it here.
Himeko: We probably still have a long way to go, right?
Himeko: …
Himeko: Godspeed, girls.
Soldiers, medics, wounded personnel wrapped in bandages, and damage control specialists…
The crew of the Hyperion, people of the Far East Branch, and members of Anti-Entropy…
Those that Himeko had seen, and others that Himeko had never seen before…
Those who knew her and those who didn’t…
...All of them passed by her without a word.
Himeko: I’d kill for just another can of beer.
…
Operator: Unidentified heat signature approaching from aft at 420km/h.
Operator: 1000m.. 800m… 500m...
Operator: Target confirmed on monitors.
























































Special CG [Final Lesson] plays:
Alarm: Unknown heat signature rapidly closing in from behind! Speed: 420 klicks-per-hour.
Alarm: Optical system failure. Unable to acquire target visuals.
Alarm: Sloped deck armor hit by an energy shell. We have lost our spoilers.
Alarm: Target is 1000 meters away… 700… 300…
Himeko: Is she coming?
Himeko: What is this?
Herrscher of the Void: Do you think that you can escape?
Himeko: Hmph. I’ve been waiting for you.
Herrscher of the Void: I hope you’re ready… to meet your maker.
Herrscher of the Void: Struggle all you want, worm.
Herrscher of the Void: Pathetic.
Himeko: I guess you’re done attacking. It’s my turn now… I hope you don’t mind, girl.
Herrscher of the Void: Die!
Himeko: Kiana, everything will have changed once you wake up.
Himeko: The world will no longer be a pretty place. Life as you know it will be replaced by something else.
Himeko: But… don’t ever, ever give up.
Herrscher of the Void: You pathetic human insect!
Theresa: Himeko!
Mei: Major.
Fu Hua: Major.
Bronya: Major.
Kiana: I’m definitely gonna be the bestest Valkyrie ever, Aunt Himeko!
Herrscher of the Void: Dammit!
Himeko: Kiana, be brave. Push on. You can still end this story the way you want!
Himeko: Live, Kiana…
Himeko: That’s… my final lesson… for you…




















[Nightglow] - Song Lyrics:
The way I go through with, red roses burn my eyes
Cold rain starts pouring hard, I’m being called upon
Never let you go, it’s why I did them all
For a chance at least, to live in your way
Love of you is my most cherished thing
So stay alive, bravely
I wish I could wake from the dream each time I dream
There’s a long night coming soon, I’d shine as the last shine
Never let you go, it’s why I did them all
For a chance at least, to live in your way
Love of you is my most cherished thing
So stay alive, bravely
Never let you go, it’s why I did them all
For a chance at least, to live in your way
Love of you is my most cherished thing
So stay alive, bravely.


  























???: …
???: The Hyperion escaped encirclement. Subject K423 and the prototype Godsbane battlesuit have both gone missing.
???: The Herrscher has returned to her slumber. The Honkai Eruption she caused has continued to spread.
???: In the face of such catastrophe, Anti-Entropy shall rally and ally with Theresa once more.
???: There’s also her, a most unstable element.
???: The 8th Divine Key, Fenghuang Down, seems to have powers beyond my knowledge.
???: …
???: No matter.
???: These trifles will not stop the tests.


CG plays wherein Kiana washes up on a beach, unconscious.
























































Game Ch IX: EX Stalker of the Arc


Act 1 - Stalker:
Gameplay EX-1 - Rita:
CG plays wherein the events between chapters IX and IX: EX are explained:
The awakening of the Herrscher of the Void triggered a cataclysmic global Honkai Eruption event.
The planet was devastated for four months. Survivors fled to whatever sanctuaries that remained.
Arc City, a high-tech metropolis in Shenzhou, is one of these last refuges.
Two weeks ago, the Herrscher of the Void was spotted in this city.
Both Schicksal and Anti-Entropy are now searching for her.


Rita: Overseer, I’ve arrived in Arc City. Awaiting further instructions.
Otto: A Honkai energy leak was detected in Arc City two weeks ago.
Otto: The analysis of video recordings found traces of the Herrscher of the Void.
Otto: Your mission is to track her down.
Rita: That’s good. But…
Rita: Two weeks have passed since the recordings were made. The Herrscher may have already left.
Rita: Is this intel worth chasing down for?
Otto: “Gray Serpent” uploaded the photos. He’s the intel dealer of Arc City.
Otto: He can monitor network data across the entire city…
Otto: And mine valuable info that can be sold from it.
Otto: He deliberately released the photos to tell buyers that he knows where the Herrscher is.
Rita: Understood.
Rita: The latest intel also includes witness accounts of Far East Branch traitors in Arc City.
Rita: Something that can lure Master Theresa to Arc City at the risk of exposing her tracks…
Rita: ...Must be valuable data indeed.
Otto: It won’t be easy finding the girl.
Rita: If the traitors have the resources to track down the Herrscher of the Void…
Rita: ...It would mean that Anti-Entropy is still providing them with support.
Rita: We should follow them closely to find out more.
Otto: Improvise as you see fit. You have been given the information necessary to perform your mission.
Otto: Do whatever is necessary. Secure the intel before Theresa does.
Rita: Understood.
Rita: …
Rita: The Honkai has ravaged the world, but this city seems prosperous and safe…
Rita: ...It feels as though the Eruption never occurred.
Rita: These people would be astounded to know that the cause of the Honkai Eruption walks amongst them.
Rita: The Far East Branch traitors are here. They’re hiding, and they have Anti-Entropy support.
???: Intruder detected. Do not let her interfere with the deal.
Gray Serpent: Come out now, girl…
Rita: Greetings, Mr. Gray Serpent. Expecting someone?
Gray Serpent: Where are my bodyguards? You killed them all?
Rita: Just a pet peeve of mine. I believe that a nice and tidy environment makes for better negotiations.
Rita: But it seems that you don’t like it too much.
Rita: I have a generous offer that will more than compensate for your losses.
Gray Serpent: I guess I have no choice but to accept.
Rita: You uploaded a surveillance photo of a girl 2 weeks ago.
Rita: You know both who she is and her value. You wouldn’t have uploaded it otherwise.
Rita: Now tell me where she is.
Gray Serpent: And what would I get out of that?
Rita: Lasting gratitude and friendship with a great power… and you get to keep your life.
Gray Serpent: Friendship? I already have a very powerful friend, but I guess I could use another.
Gray Serpent: However, friendships backed up by threats seem rather odd to me.
Gray Serpent: I doubt whether or not Schicksal has any true friends of equal standing.
Rita: You know who I am. I don’t think you have any reason to refuse.
Gray Serpent: Of course I do, and I do have reasons to refuse you.
Gray Serpent: I do not trade intel for my life. It’s not… professional.
Rita: I don’t think you really appreciate the value of life.
Gray Serpent: Do not insult my intelligence. Intel for life? Pfft. This is not my first deal.
Gray Serpent: Life itself is a trade. For merchants like me…
Gray Serpent: ...Death is but the beginning of the next deal.
Gray Serpent: The Serpent does not bow before death.
Rita: ..You sound more like an orator than an intel dealer. I wish I didn’t have to do this.
Rita: But sorry, I’ve got orders.
Gray Serpent: You’ve made a mistake…
Gray Serpent: The Serpent… has you within its sight…
Rita: Serpent?
The maid took out a silk handkerchief to wipe the blood from her blade.
She turned around and inspected Gray Serpent, who was lying in a growing pool of his own blood.


CG plays wherein Rita speaks to the now deceased Gray Serpent, while a mysterious girl watches on:
Rita: Death is but the beginning of the next deal?
Rita: Well said, Mr. Gray Serpent.
Rita: That was an offer you should have accepted.










Gameplay EX-2 - Refugees:
Bronya: Principal Theresa, we have entered Arc City. No sign of us being followed or monitored.
Theresa: Roger. Maintain contact with Dr. Einstein.
Bronya: Understood.
Theresa: Mei, secure the perimeters.
Mei: Yes.
Theresa: We’ll find that icky Serpent guy and get this over with.
Theresa: Can’t they just send the intel to me by email or HOMU Chat? This is so stupid and old school.
Bronya: The Bronya suspects that they are trying to avoid data theft or leakage.
Theresa: Hmm… maybe this means that the intel is super valuable.
Mei: Is this Arc City? It’s way bigger than I thought.
Mei: Such prosperous cities are a rare sight, even before the Eruption.
Theresa: That’s true. When more Honkai beasts appeared…
Theresa: ...People abandoned their homes and moved into cities where there’s real protection.
Theresa: As technology and resources became more centralized, these cities grew into megapolises.
Mei: Finding a person in this megapolis is like finding a needle in a haystack… don’t worry, Kiana. I will find you.
Theresa: These intel dealers are born liars. Dealing with them is super risky.
Theresa: But this is the only chance we have for finding Kiana after fleeing HQ.
Theresa: I have to give it a shot no matter how risky it may be.
Mei: We’ve arrived, Theresa.
Theresa: It’s too quiet. Something’s wrong. Stay vigilant, girls!
Mei: Destroyed mechs everywhere… A major battle has taken place here.
Theresa: What happened? The Gray Serpent…
Theresa: ...He’s dead?
SYSTEM: Warning! Criminal incident detected in Sector D-2814.
SYSTEM: Cease all violent behavior. Drop your weapons and put your hands in the air.
Theresa: “Cease all violent behavior”?
Theresa: We’re just about to get started!
Bronya: The Bronya has hacked into their channel. All alerts have been switched off.
Mei: It should be safe now. Let’s head back to the Hyperion.
Bronya: Hold. The Bronya thinks this murder is no mere coincidence.
Bronya: The Bronya shall scan the Gray Serpent’s body.


CG plays wherein Bronya scans Gray Serpent’s body, forming an answer as to what happened:
Bronya: A clean, lethal wound delivered with a single stroke by a pro.
Bronya: Valuables were left behind. But cell phones and info devices were taken away.
Bronya: The Gray Serpent has received several surgical augmentations and implants…
Bronya: ...All of which have been removed.
Bronya: Ocular prosthetics and neural implants are missing.


Bronya: The murderer attempted to acquire intel from the Gray Serpent.
Bronya: Said murderer killed the Gray Serpent and removed all prosthetics, including ocular implants…
Bronya: ...Perhaps for unlocking biometric security measures.
Theresa: Erm… so you’re saying that we got here too late?
Bronya: Perhaps, but the Bronya detects something else.
Bronya: There is a bio-verification chip hidden within the Gray Serpent’s wrist.
Mei: Thank goodness. The murderer must have missed this.
Bronya: Principal Theresa, key intel is usually provided with a backup.
Bronya: The Bronya can use this biometric chip to enter Gray Serpent’s territory and get the backup.
Theresa: We can’t do that. The Gray Serpent may be an intel dealer, but he commands plenty of power in Arc City.
Theresa: Only Schicksal would dare to murder someone like him.
Theresa: Staying in this city is far too dangerous for us.
Bronya: The Bronya understands the feeling of being manipulated and controlled by others.
Bronya: Subject Kiana is experiencing the same. The Bronya must rescue subject Kiana at all costs.
Theresa: I… I understand…
Theresa: But I will call off this mission immediately if anything bad happens.


Gameplay EX-3 - Rita:
Rita: I’ve made contact with the Gray Serpent as you had requested, Overseer. But he refused to share any valuable info.
Otto: Is that so… Then we won’t need him any longer, I suppose.
Rita: He’s already been “retired”.
Rita: But he said something odd before he croaked.
Rita: Quote: “The Serpent has you within its sight.” End quote.
Otto: …
Otto: The Gray Serpent is a proxy of the World Serpent within Arc City.
Rita: Perhaps the intel is false? Perhaps the World Serpent released it to sow the seeds of chaos?
Otto: Worry not, sweet maid. I’ll handle it. The intel’s authenticity matters no longer. The Gray Serpent’s death will alert Theresa.
Otto: That was badly played, Rita, but perhaps you’d planned this from the start?
Rita: Yes, Overseer. I intended for this to happen.
Rita: Gray Serpent’s electronic devices must be unlocked using his personal prosthetics.
Rita: I lacked the time to try them out one by one, and could not decrypt them by force.
Rita: But I did remove his prosthetics and electronic devices. The traitors will not be getting anything from his corpse.
Rita: As to the Herrscher’s whereabouts…
Rita: The Gray Serpent must have kept backup info. Master Theresa definitely knows this.
Rita: She won’t give up, especially after spending such a long time hiding. Their trip to Arc City must be worth the risk.
Rita: I left something on purpose when removing the Serpent’s prosthetics…
Rita: ...A bio-verification chip in his wrist.
Rita: The traitors of the Far East Branch include a first-rate hacker: Bronya Zaychik.
Rita: They will attempt to enter Gray Serpent’s stronghold to hack the system and obtain the intel.
Rita: My “gift” will make it easier for her.
Rita: She will not be able to resist this temptation.
Rita: Once the traitors enter Gray Serpent’s place, defeat his guards, and hack into the system…
Rita: I will appear to reap the final harvest.
Rita: If things go well, we will get more than just the intel - we can also round up the traitors in one go.
Otto: What a brilliant plan. But I wonder if Theresa would act as you predicted.
Rita: Don’t worry, Overseer. I will head out to Gray Serpent’s territory and prepare an ambush nearby.
Rita: I don’t like being disturbed when monitoring my prey.
Rita: I’ll give Stalker Carbon a little exercise.
Rita: So many broken mecha pieces and slag everywhere… I must fight my urge to pick up a broom and clean…
Rita: I must focus on my prey. Don’t let me down, Master Theresa.








Gameplay EX-4 - Refugees:
Theresa’s party started infiltrating the Gray Serpent’s stronghold.
Bronya: The Bronya used the Gray Serpent’s biometric chip to shut down the patrolling mechs.
Theresa: Who is this Gray Serpent? How does an intel dealer afford all these mechs? What’s he trying to protect with such tight security?
Bronya: Power off. End all mech subroutines.
Bronya: This place should be safe. The Bronya shall attempt to hack into the Gray Serpent’s system to locate the intel.
Theresa: Mei and I will patrol the surrounding areas during that time.
Bronya: Bio-verification complete. Connecting to the Gray Serpent’s database.
Bronya: Hnngh… target is cautious. Defense modules detected.
Bronya: Let the Bronya disable each firewall.


CG plays wherein the view of the mysterious girl returns, glitching out and changing to a different view of the same girl, clad in machinery, sitting in a chair overrun by what appears to be boxes and screens


???: (Intruder alert… Master’s murderer not identified…)
Bronya: (Implementing global database scan…)
Bronya: (Searching according to query conditions…)
Bronya: The vastness of this data archive… Uncategorised, unlabeled, unindexed…
Bronya: The Gray Serpent actually saved the raw network data from the entirety of Arc City…
Bronya: Why didn’t the Gray Serpent organise his data?
Theresa: Is there any intel regarding Kiana?
Bronya: There may be, but the Bronya requires several days to be able to datamine it.
Theresa: Should we just take everything then?
Bronya: Impossible. Moving such a vast database will take even more time.
Mei: Is there anything else we could do?
Bronya: This intel dealer did not filter or organise stolen data. This is abnormal.
Bronya: Perhaps the Gray Serpent intended this?
Bronya: The Bronya shall perform some inspections.
Bronya: …
Bronya: Suspicions confirmed.
Bronya: The Gray Serpent directed all data to a single access port.
Bronya: He owned an unimaginable intel processing tool.
Bronya: Tool would be imprecise. It is more like a person… a cyborg.
Mei: Cyborg? Like how the Gray Serpent received plenty of mechanical prosthetics?
Bronya: Da. But the extent of the cybernetic enhancements is insane. Her entire cerebrum is essentially modified.
Theresa: How can that be possible?
Bronya: Her brain is fused with a quantum computer to give her immense processing powers.
Bronya: Basically, he did not need to categorise data pilfered from Arc City at all…
Bronya: The cyborg can filter out data according to her master’s needs in the blink of an eye.
Bronya: The monitoring system has revealed her location. She is still here.
Bronya: Hold… target is on the move.
Theresa: We must bring her in to locate Kiana.
Bronya: The target is not too far away.
Theresa: Now’s the time! Let’s catch up to that cyborg!
???: Protect this one, imbeciles!
Theresa: I’m so sorry, but I really need your help to find someone…
Theresa: ...Hey wait, isn’t this just a little girl?
Ningyo: Error: Underaged individual. An adult is required for the query. Standard payment schemes apply.
Theresa: Underaged? What a rude little girl! I’m…
Mei: Principal Theresa, we can’t afford to get angry now.
Theresa: Of course… I know that! But this brat is so rude!
Mei: I’m sorry, but Mr. Gray Serpent is gone. We are his… business partners. Don’t be afraid, we’re here to protect you.
Ningyo: You just dismantled mech units placed in charge of my security.
Mei: We need your help to locate our friend…
Ningyo: Payment first, please. *Takes out a POS unit* Cash or credit? Please do not glare at me. I’m just following orders.
Bronya: We can’t dally here too long. The Bronya has a workaround. *Raises cannon* We will pay using this. Now, leave with us.
Theresa: Mei, you stay! I have a mission for you!


Gameplay EX-5 - Rita:
Rita: The traitors of the Far East Branch have left the stronghold.
Rita: These girls move faster than I thought. I’ll have to run a little to catch up…
Mei: Theresa’s right…
Mei: Someone’s following me.
Rita: (Lost track of them here…)
Mei: Hah!
Rita: Ambush? Miss Raiden, I’m surprised. I thought you were more honorable than that.
Mei: Honorable? It’s odd that people like you even know that word. I’m more than willing to cut you down for what you did to Kiana!
Rita: I’m curious… how did you learn of my presence here?
Mei: It was odd when we were the first to arrive at Gray Serpent’s stronghold after his death.
Mei: The murderer didn’t make the next move despite ripping most of the biometric prosthetics from the victim.
Mei: I can only think of two reasons - One, the murderer thought that all the clues had been destroyed so they left in confidence.
Mei: Or she failed to beat Gray Serpent’s data access security. So she decided to wait…
Mei: You left that biochip on purpose, didn’t you? You wanted us to find the intel for you
Rita: Very smart, girl. But where’s Master Theresa? Did she get what she needed and left you here to slow me down?
Mei: Slow you down? You’re so full of yourself, Miss Rossweisse.
Mei: Such power! This woman’s dangerous!
Rita: I thought you had lasted this long thanks to the Gem of Conquest.
Rita: Never thought you could still stand despite losing the Gem. How surprising.
Rita: Now I know why the Overseer takes such an unusual interest in the Far East Branch…
Rita: You girls never fail to surprise us, especially when pushed to the brink.
Mei: I was fearful of my Herrscher powers for the chance I might become addicted to them.
Mei: But I finally understood how weak and pathetic I was when I failed to protect my friend from people like you.
Mei: I will no longer hold my powers back…
Mei: Kiana is mine to protect!








CG plays wherein Rita wins the fight, with Mei quickly escaping via smokescreen:
Rita: Stubbornness is not necessarily a virtue, Miss.
Rita: Your power has failed you. Further resistance will only bring you pain.
Theresa: Retreat now, Mei!


Gameplay EX-6 - Refugees:
Theresa: Well, um… little girl… we’re not bad people.
Ningyo: Then release this one.
Theresa: No.
Ningyo: Kidnapper.
Theresa: What?! We’re the good girls!
Theresa: This is so awkward! I hate it!
Theresa: Bronya, think of something to make this one talk!
Bronya: The Principal has been an educator of juvenile subjects for several decades…
Theresa: Several decades? Hey! What are you trying to say?
Theresa: And I’ve only taught ordinary girls… This cyborg kid is beyond me!
Theresa: Whatever. Handle this machine, Bronya. You’re good at this.
Ningyo: Machine…
Bronya: Principal, you said something politically incorrect.
Theresa: Oh dear, I think I did… What’s your name, sweetie?
Ningyo: Machines do not need names.
Theresa: Machine? Oh dear. I am really sorry. I didn’t mean what I said just then.
Ningyo: Don’t be. This one is indeed a machine.
Ningyo: Machines do not need names. We only need a model and a serial number. Just call me… the Ningyo.
Theresa: Did the Gray Serpent modify you into this? That is so evil!
Ningyo: Evil? Negative. Master saved this one… and all of us.
Ningyo: Everyone receives surgical implants in this city…
Ningyo: ...To monitor Honkai energy levels. Unaugmented individuals are a rare sight.
Theresa: When did you undergo your first surgery?
Ningyo: This one does not remember the past… Only memories of the Eruption… the Honkai took away this one’s parents.
Ningyo: This one was also corrupted. Her head hurt… immensely…
Ningyo: They gave this one a choice between life and death. Accept the surgery or die.
Ningyo: The choice was simple.
Ningyo: This one’s head was opened. The corrupted portions were replaced with new parts.
Ningyo: This one’s mind became lighter and faster.
Ningyo: Life is nothing but a series of trade-offs.
Ningyo: This one lived. This one connected herself to the web to collect intel from the sea of data.
Theresa: Hmm… you’re a victim of the Eruption that took place 4 months ago.
Theresa: An important friend of mine was taken away by the Eruption.
Theresa: I became a Valkyrie to protect the people around me.
Theresa: Despite my powers as a Valkyrie, I was unable to live up to my promise.
Theresa: I couldn’t even protect my dearest Kiana…
Theresa: (Himeko… if you were here… you would know how to take care of this…)
Theresa: (...We couldn’t find you for 4 months… where are you, girl?)
Theresa: (Now that we’ve found Kiana… I hope… I hope that you’re still alright…)
Ningyo: They call you the Principal. Are you an instructor?
Theresa: Yes… I guess… (Now what subjects did I teach, exactly?)
Ningyo: Was the girl in the photograph your student? Was she lost?
Theresa: That’s right! She’s a very important student of mine. Can you tell me where she is?
Ningyo: This one wants to tell you.
Ningyo: But this one cannot provide intel without the master’s authorisation. Apologies.
Theresa: Dammit…
Bronya: Principal Theresa, a squadron of mechs is heading our way.
Theresa: Get ready, girls!
Theresa: What is it? Did they locate us?
Bronya: Perhaps these police mechs still regard us as criminals.
Theresa: These mechs are more than just public safety units.
Mei: Principal, Gray Serpent’s killer has revealed herself.
Mei: It’s Rita Rossweisse, deputy captain of the Immortal Blades Valkyrie squad.
Rita: Rita? Ugh. Why now? That maid is quite the annoying person.
Mei: Sorry, I could only hold her off that long.
Theresa: It’s alright. She’s an S-rank Valkyrie. I’m glad you’re safe. I hope your surgical wounds are alright.
Mei: I’m alright. Any news from your side? Did we get Kiana’s whereabouts?
Theresa: Nothing, and we’ve been ambushed by a mech squad…
Mei: I’m heading back to support you.
Bronya: Nyet. The Bronya has detected…
Bronya: ...A second beacon signal emitting from Mei’s Valkyrie battlesuit.
Bronya: Rita must have planted a tracker on Mei during the fight.
Bronya: Mei, please divert from your original path to confuse Rita.
Mei: Understood.






Act 2 - Escape:
Gameplay EX-7 - Rita:
Rita: Overseer, I’ve engaged the traitors.
Rita: Only Mei Raiden has shown herself. Master Theresa and Bronya remain unseen.
Otto: Don’t bother me with such trifles. I trust you can handle these on your own.
Rita: I searched the computer for their query records.
Rita: Gray Serpent has been datamining intel using a cyborg girl with quantum computer implants.
Rita: He then sells such intel for a price.
Rita: Trails of our Herrscher may very well be in the head of that cyborg.
Otto: Man-machine integration? Didn’t know they could plant a quantum computer in a human brain now.
Otto: Bring that cyborg to me.
Rita: Understood.
Otto: The cyborg is useless without the highest level of access privileges. Get that as well.
Rita: And what if the cyborg falls into the hands of Master Theresa?
Otto: Then destroy it no matter the cost.
Otto: “Grant what the enemy fears. Leave nothing that the enemy desires.”
Rita: ...Understood.
Otto: I received reports of mechs rampaging along the streets of Arc City. Try to keep it down a little.
Rita: Don’t worry. I have everything under control.
Otto: Then do whatever you must. I will offer support when required.
Rita: Hmm… Mei’s coordinates are moving strangely.
Rita: Perhaps they figured out about my tracker ploy.
Rita: Wait… the mech rampage? Could this be a coincidence?
Rita: That leaves me with only one option.


Gameplay EX-8 - Refugees:
Einstein: Madam Theresa, how fares the intel deal?
Theresa: Long story… Fortunately we brought someone with the intel.
Theresa: You are the only people I can think of who can make this girl talk.
Theresa: Treat it as a scientific challenge.
Einstein: Did you just kidnap a kid?
Theresa: That’s definitely NOT what we did! Geez… I can’t tell you everything right now.
Theresa: Just get us a ship or something!
Einstein: Understood. A shuttle has been dispatched to your location.
Ningyo: This one has heard the conversation. Sorry, Principal, but this one will not leave with you.
Theresa: We won’t hurt you! We only need you to tell us something!
Ningyo: You cannot hurt a tool. A tool does not feel pain.
Ningyo: A tool will only do the master’s bidding.
Theresa: But the Gray Serpent is dead!
Ningyo: Master may be dead, but Arc City remains the safest place for this one.
Theresa: No city is safe from the Honkai!
Theresa: We must locate Kiana to put an end to this Honkai Eruption!
Ningyo: End the Honkai Eruption?
Ningyo: Every footprint of human activity on the web…
Ningyo: ...Has swept past this one’s processing core.
Ningyo: When will the Honkai end? This one is curious as well.
Ningyo: This one has calculated, simulated, and evaluated… yet fails to see any viable future for humanity.
Ningyo: A desolate future has no value.
Ningyo: The struggles of humanity will be in vain. The Honkai will destroy everything.
Theresa: Really?
Theresa: It may seem meaningless now. The Honkai might not even end if we find Kiana…
Theresa: ...But I’d rather face the ending of the world with Kiana and the girls.
Theresa: My goal is to bring my student home.
Ningyo: Sorry, Principal…
Ningyo: You may not understand… but this one cannot leave Arc City.
The Ningyo no longer spoke or moved. She seemed to be contemplating something.
A reverberating rumble could be heard approaching from the darkness.
The Ningyo spoke again.
Ningyo: They have responded to this one’s summons.
Ningyo: If you need this one, then prove your worth by protecting this one from these mechs.
Bronya: Principal! The Ningyo hacked the city’s mech control hub and ordered them to destroy herself.
Theresa: Stop this, girl! This is madness!
Bronya: Principal Theresa, we’re running out of time. Rita will be drawn to this battle.
Bronya: The Bronya will attempt to hijack the Ningyo’s master access privileges to sever the signal…
Bronya: The Gray Serpent’s chip should be able to do that.
Theresa: Good. I’ll have Mei return to the squad. Do whatever you must!
Theresa: Blood Knight: Moonlight! Activate!






CG plays wherein Rita appears amidst the battle:
Theresa: Bronya, still not done? I can’t hold them back any longer!
Bronya: Almost done… wait… bio-verification is required to obtain master access privileges!
Rita: Sorry to interrupt, kidnappers. Children are better left to the care of professional maids… such as me.
Rita: Rita Rossweisse, ready to sweep the battlefield.


Gameplay EX-9 - End Game:
CG plays wherein Rita obtains master access over the Ningyo and orders it to self-destruct:
Rita: Are you girls looking for this?
Bronya: Gray Serpent’s eye!
Machine Voice: Verification complete. Master access privileges unlocked.
Rita: Grant master access to Rita Rossweisse.
Rita: Upload all data… and then initiate self-destruct sequence!
Theresa: Stop!


Rita: Sorry girls. It was fun.
Rita: I have to leave to take care of… other business.


CG plays wherein the Ningyo wakes up, however the self-destruct appears to have been something entirely different:
Ningyo: Where… am I? Who are you?
Theresa: Is she alright?
Bronya: Physiological readings are normal. Could be retrograde amnesia.
Bronya: The self-destruct sequence… turned out to be a formatting reboot.
Theresa: Grr… I hate that crazy woman! And her utterly tasteless prank


Rita: Rita Rossweisse is ready for debriefing.
Rita: Mission complete. Overseer. I have uploaded the desired intel. Thank you for the shuttle. It came right on time.
Otto: Destroying the Ningyo was a pity. But you’ve completed all objectives. Excellent work.
Rita: I will do anything to sweep aside the enemies of Schicksal.
Otto: Well said.
Rita: Allow me to excuse myself.


CG plays wherein leans upon a walkway after the debriefing:
Rita: We are blessed with two hands.
Rita: One takes, and the other gives.




















































Game Ch IX: EX2: Dark Serpent


Act 1 - Lost in Darkness:
Gameplay EX-1 - Repairs:
CG plays wherein the events of chapter IX: EX are recounted:
To find Kiana, Theresa and her Valkyries visited Arc City in Shenzhou.
An intel dealer named the Gray Serpent agreed to provide information about the Herrscher of the Void.
But Schicksal sent an agent to hunt them down.
A bloody hunt took place in this high tech metropolis…
Schicksal seized the data in the end.
Theresa’s only hope lies in the Gray Serpent’s still living “asset”...


Combat Operations Center, Hyperion. Open sea off the Arc City coast.
Theresa: That’s how it happened… we failed. We couldn’t locate Kiana.
Theresa: We only managed to save this little girl.
Einstein: Don’t blame yourself, Madam Theresa. You escaped Rita’s hunt and brought back the Ningyo. It’s our last hope.
Theresa: Rita is just as dangerous as before. Don’t be tricked by her harmless appearance.
Theresa: There’s something eerie in her eyes when she smiles at you all sweet and innocent.
Tesla: Ugh. Are we talking about that evil woman again?
Tesla: I swear I’ll tie her up, stuff her into a cannon, and fire it!
Einstein: I know it’s hard for you, but please at least try to keep your voice down, Dr. Tesla.
Einstein: Back to the main topic. The Ningyo’s database has been formatted.
Einstein: She’s now in sleep mode. All functions were shut down. I’ll try to restore data structures and locate Kiana.
Einstein: The formatting erased all of the data on her quantum drive, but fortunately part of her brain structure is still human.
Einstein: I shall attempt memory recall and access her human brain data. We’ll need to give her a new ego.
Einstein: Her quantum computer has powers that outrstrips both Schicksal and Anti-Entropy’s tech. Is this the World Serpent’s work?
Theresa: World Serpent? Schicksal archives describe it as a secret sect specialising in making Honkai weapons.
Theresa: They seldom operate in the open.
Tesla: Rumors say that the World Serpent is implementing various cybernetic testing…
Tesla: They say that humanity must propel its stagnating evolution and live as one with the Honkai.
Tesla: This child proves that they really meant what they said.
Tesla: Could you think of anyone as crazy as they are besides the Schicksal Overseer?
Einstein: I guess there is one. She’s just not into cybernetics… yet.
Tesla: Hey! Tunguska was just an accident. I tried my best to repair the damages.
Einstein: Restoration failed. The formatting was quite extreme. I must use another approach.
Einstein: Madam Theresa, I’ll need to use the Hyperion’s processors.
Theresa: Understood. The password is TERITERI. Hey, stop staring at me like that.
Einstein: …
System: Ningyo data driver connected. Initiating scans.
Einstein: It seems the security measures did not get formatted.
Einstein: What did the Gray Serpent hide in her brain?
System: Logic modules scanning complete. Connecting to emotive modules.
System: Connecting to memory modules.
System: Connections established with core areas. Activating the hippocampus.
System: Warning. Unauthorised comm request received.


CG plays wherein Einstein receives a call from Cocolia:
System: Incoming encrypted transmission. Requesting connection.
Einstein: Put it through.
Cocolia: It’s been a while, Professor.
Einstein: Cocolia…?


Cocolia: Bronya, my sweet darling. I’m glad to see you’re alright.
Bronya: …
Bronya turned pale when she saw this strange yet familiar face. She bowed her head in silence.
Cocolia: It’s been a while. What’s going on?
Einstein: Thank you. Everything is still alright.
Cocolia: The Herrscher of the Void is a global catastrophe. I’m obliged to act as an enforcer of Anti-Entropy.
Einstein: I’ll be straightforward. What do you want, Madam Cocolia?
Cocolia: I know you’re searching for that Herrscher girl all over the world.
Cocolia: But Schicksal is always one step ahead of us.
Cocolia: Nothing we could do about that. Our resources are limited. It’s hard to keep pace with Schicksal.
Cocolia: Beating them is even harder. My military experience tells me that we will lose eventually.
Theresa: Are you telling us to give up looking for Kiana?
Cocolia: No, that’s not what I mean.
Cocolia: We should pick the fight where Schicksal is weakest and stay ahead of them.
Tesla: Interesting plan, Cocolia. But how do you propose we stay ahead of them?
Cocolia: I believe that getting the Herrscher is only part of their plans.
Cocolia: My troops are being attacked by Schicksal. Otto wants something else.
Cocolia: The Gem of Desire, one of the four Herrscher Gems. And don’t worry yet, girls. We still have it.
Cocolia: He intends to gather all 4 Gems to fully restore the Herrscher’s power. That guy is a true maniac.
Cocolia: So instead of looking for that Herrscher girl, I think we should relocate the Gem of Desire to somewhere safe.
Cocolia: We will keep the final piece of the puzzle away from Otto’s hands. And it’s way easier, don’t you think?
Einstein: Are you asking us for help, Madam Cocolia?
Cocolia: I prefer to call it mutual assistance.
Cocolia: I know you don’t trust me, Professor. But you should keep in mind that I’ve always been a loyal Anti-Entropist.
Cocolia: Madam Theresa, I believe Otto is our common enemy.
Cocolia: Set your doubts aside, ladies. We must fight Otto together.
Theresa: …
Einstein: Well, where should we meet?
Cocolia: In the Western Pacific. 11°20.9’ N, 142°11.5’E. Don’t keep me waiting.
Einstein: You’re stationed in The Deep? Cocolia? Do you read me?
Theresa: Where is that place?
Einstein: A secret underwater base of ours. I guess Schicksal is getting close to that location.
Cocolia: Otto has deployed… to take… he seems pretty intent…
Einstein: What’s going on? Signal interference?


CG plays wherein the call with Cocolia is interrupted by Gray Serpent:
System: An unidentified signal is breaking in.
System: Hyperion’s defense protocols have failed.
System: Registering noise interference… System overloading…
Gray Serpent: Pardon me for the intrusion.
Gray Serpent: Let’s finish the deal we left hanging in Arc City.








Gameplay EX-2 - Invasion:
Theresa: Wasn’t that guy killed by Schicksal in Arc City?
Mei: Could it be his double that died?
Gray Serpent: “Death is life lived. Life is a death that comes.”
Gray Serpent: Don’t be surprised. The Serpent doesn’t submit to death.
Gray Serpent: An annoying gnat disrupted our deal, but contracts are to be honored, even after death.
Theresa: Contracts? You didn’t give us any intel and Schicksal is right after us.
Gray Serpent: Apologies. Schicksal complicated our deal, but I’ve already delivered the intel as promised.
Theresa: But the Ningyo has been formatted.
Gray Serpent: Correction: YOU formatted her. You should fix that problem yourselves.
Gray Serpent: Now I’ve kept my end of the bargain, and I will help myself to what I was promised…
Einstein: Wait. The Ningyo’s quantum drive has activated once more. Impossible, I thought I…
Einstein: Alert. The Gray Serpent is using her to hack the battleship! He’ll take control of the Hyperion soon.
Theresa: Disconnect the Ningyo from the system!
Einstein: We’re too late. He has already installed his malware.
System: Weapon systems down.
System: Sensor systems down.
System: Commence emergency landing. The Hyperion has been forced to land.
Tesla: Curses. He locked down every module!
Comms: Principal, our sentries have spotted unidentified mechs trying to board the ship.
Einstein: What does the Gray Serpent want?
Theresa: I don’t care what he wants. He’s definitely not getting it.
Theresa: Professor, I’m counting on you and Bronya to reclaim the Hyperion!
Einstein: Alright.
Bronya: Affirmative.
Theresa: I’ll fend off the enemies onboard. Let’s see what Gray Serpent is up to.
While Theresa fought the invaders, Dr. Einstein initiated another task.
Einstein: Now that Gray Serpent has the mainframe, let’s try other ways to bypass it and regain control.
Einstein: Eins, connect to the Hyperion.
Einstein’s companion bot spun into action and approached the control platform.
It connected to several terminal ports of the Hyperion to initiate a mainframe bypass protocol.
Einstein: This is no ordinary hacker we’re dealing with. I need your help to connect to the virtual dataspace of the ship, Bronya.
Bronya: The Bronya understands.
System: External neural links established. Syncing…
Bronya took a deep dive into the sea of data where the Hyperion and Eins databases converged.
Binary data washed over her cerebral cortex like an unending wave.
Data torrents rushed into Bronya’s awareness and became part of her existence.
Gray Serpent: …
Gray Serpent: This is a game played by grown-ups, Bronya Zaychick. Do not interfere.
Bronya: You know the Bronya’s full name?
Gray Serpent: The Serpent has its eyes on you. I know everything about you, Bronya.
Bronya: It is not April Fool’s. Subject Serpent’s joke is not funny. Leave the Hyperion’s systems immediately.
Gray Serpent: You know nothing, Bronya Zaychik. Our power is beyond your wildest imagination.
Gray Serpent: The Serpent gave us the truth, far before humanity came to realise the nature of life.
Gray Serpent: To us, the world is nothing but a river of data that ebbs and flows…
Gray Serpent: And the same is true for memories.
Gray Serpent: I sense your disbelief. I shall prove it to you.


Gameplay - EX-3 - Memories:
Bronya: St. Freya High?
Gray Serpent: The place you call home. Now it weeps… in flames.
Bronya could see nothing but a great sea of fire that consumed familiar sceneries and buildings…
Bronya: The school is burning… Nyet. This is an illusion.
Gray Serpent: Illusion? I’ve read your memories and seen your worst fear.
Gray Serpent: It keeps whispering in your ears: you and everyone else have betrayed Schicksal, and the price will be a burning St. Freya.
Gray Serpent: The Overseer will raze the school. Every building will turn to rubble, and every fellow Valkyrie a cold corpse.
Gray Serpent: Dark terror grows ever stronger in your frail heart. It’s ripping you apart.
Bronya: (Is he… really reading the Bronya’s mind?)
Gray Serpent: I know everything about you, Bronya. You’re like an open book to me.
Bronya: The Bronya is no stranger to fear. The Bronya grew up in fear and used to feed on fear.
Bronya: Fear has been the Bronya’s friend.
Gray Serpent: I see. A stubborn little girl.
Gray Serpent: No worries. My game has only just started. Let’s have some fun before I’m done here.
Gray Serpent: Hmm, the 4th Herrscher back in New Zealand. How does this memory taste?
Gray Serpent: She lost her pretty legs at pretty much the same age and for the same reason as you.
Gray Serpent: Wendy’s tragedy left you a world of woe, because she’s so much like the one deep in your heart.
Gray Serpent: They were even taken away from you by the same person.
Gray Serpent: Your dear Matushka, Anti-Entropy Enforcer Cocolia.
Bronya: …
Gray Serpent: Oh. You seem tired. Just lie down, girl. Give in to your childhood and fairytales.


Gameplay EX-4 - Engine:
Upper deck of the Hyperion.
Mei: Principal, two hostile mechs are trying to board from sector C4.
Mei: Dr. Tesla, these World Serpent mechs seem pretty similar to Anti-Entropy units.
Tesla: I hate to admit that, but it’s true.
Tesla: The pneumatic actuators, alloy carapace, and homing micro-missiles… I designed those features.
Tesla: They only changed the paint job. I didn’t get any royalty for this. They stole the prints from somewhere.
Mei: Enemies on the deck and bridge have been cleared, Principal.
Tesla: Theresa, Mei! Make ready! We need to head to the engine room!
Theresa: Where the Selene’s main engine is at?
Tesla: That’s right. We’ve been developing anti-Honkai weapons, and the Selene’s engine is our best.
Tesla: We’ve mounted it to the Hyperion and used it in battle for the first time.
Tesla: You saw its magic. The energy beam it fired immobilised the Herrscher and drained her Honkai energy.
Theresa: We were so close…
Tesla: The engine’s conversion efficiency was still too low. We needed better tech, and we looked for new talent globally.
Tesla: Anti-Entropy acquired many industrial companies such as the Mikoyan Design Bureau since the 2nd Honkai Eruption.
Tesla: But our rapid expansion was also taken advantage of by a secret organization.
Theresa: Are you saying that the World Serpent got inside Anti-Entropy?
Tesla: It’s obvious, right? Just look at these copy-cat mechs. A mole is stealing and selling our assets.
Theresa: Have you any idea who the rat is?
Tesla: Einstein and I suspected a few. One of them being Cocolia. But we need stronger evidence.
Tesla: Anti-Entropy is a huge mess. I’ll explain later. Now we need to clean up the engine room ASAP!
Mei: World Serpent mech units breached perimeter defenses and are entering the engine room.
Mei: Is the Gray Serpent after the technology aboard the Selene?
Mei: We can’t let the mechs get any closer.
Tesla: Copy-cat mechs! I’ll melt you down to slag!
Theresa: Phew. We’re done. This boarding party is weaker than I thought.
Tesla: Perhaps we guessed wrong. The Gray Serpent isn’t after the engine, but…


Gameplay EX-5 - Home:
Meanwhile, inside the Hyperion’s dataspace.
The ruins of New Zealand vanished in the blink of an eye.
A new scene was created. The sky was dark and the winds howled with fury.
Bronya: Snow. It’s snowing.
Gray Serpent: This is your birthplace. The West Siberian Plain, ravaged by the 2nd Honkai Eruption. Do you remember, Bronya?
Bronya: The Bronya remembers.
Gray Serpent: Right here, a helpless orphan named Bronya was turned into a trained killer.
Bronya: Seele… and my friends at the orphanage.
Gray Serpent: Remember it? The experiments you endured? Project X-10 took away your butterfly.
Bronya: …
Gray Serpent: Perhaps you don’t. It’s nothing but pain.
Bronya: The Bronya’s emotive center was damaged. The Bronya does not feel pain.
Gray Serpent: Some feelings go beyond the brain. They’re part of your pathetic soul.
Gray Serpent: Enjoy your painful memories and savor your helplessness.
Bronya: These are… illusions.
Gray Serpent: Does your past disturb you? The Serpent shall embrace you and end this agony, Bronya.
Gray Serpent: You’re the chosen one. You survived Project X-10.
Gray Serpent: You’re the only one who returned with the Sea of Quanta’s gift. You’re fated to be the heir to the Serpent.
Bronya: The Bronya refuses!
Gray Serpent: Don’t be stubborn, child. I know the pain that burns within you.




CG plays wherein the Gray Serpent taunts Bronya even further with the pain of her past:
Gray Serpent: Remember the control switch that Cocolia planted in your brain?
Bronya: It was burnt out.
Gray Serpent: You’re right. The chip was broken easily.
Gray Serpent: But the pain it had caused might be harder to shake off.
Gray Serpent: It’s time, Bronya Zaychik.
Gray Serpent: Submit to your own guilt.


Gameplay EX-6 - Weapon:
CG plays wherein we see the previous conversation from another perspective, with one of Fu Hua’s Fenghuang Down feathers giving assistance to Bronya:
Gray Serpent: Remember the control switch that Cocolia planted in your brain?
Bronya: It was burnt out.
Gray Serpent: You’re right. The chip was broken easily.
Gray Serpent: But the pain it had caused might be harder to shake off.
Gray Serpent: It’s time, Bronya Zaychik.
Gray Serpent: Submit to your own guilt.


Gray Serpent: How troublesome. I should not have wasted time on you.
Gray Serpent: But I can live with that. Any victory, no matter how minor, furthers the Serpent’s cause.
Gray Serpent: I’ve acquired what I want.
Gray Serpent: Farewell, Bronya. Have fun in this illusory labyrinth… for all eternity.
Bronya: Fu Hua? Why are you here? What’s your true identity?
Fu Hua: I have trouble understanding who I am.
Fu Hua: I’m not the person you know. I’m just a figment of memory she left in your mind.
Fu Hua: You’re seeing the 8th Divine Key, Fenghuang Down.
Fu Hua: ...Just one of the many pinions. I materialise when she senses you’re in need.
Fu Hua: Pass through this place and push on, Bronya.
Fu Hua: Our paths shall cross again one day, Bronya.
The girl in red started burning and illuminated the place like a torch.
The false illusions were purged. Data washed over Bronya like a roaring tide.
The data quickly overwhelmed Bronya.








Act 2 - Serpent’s Shadow:
Gameplay EX-7 - The Deep:
There was no noise, light, nor smell.
There was nothing but a suffocating darkness.
Bronya struggled to keep her senses active, seeking data from the void and any possibility of escape.
She caught a sliver of light rippling in the darkness and heard a faint voice echoing in the void.
This woke her consciousness. She reached out and grabbed the light.
Bronya: …?
Bronya: ...What is this place?
Einstein: Apologies. I’m still opposed to direct testing on the Eye of the Deep. I have several concerns.
???: We’ve discussed this already. We’ve also made the necessary preparations.
???: And you balk every time we’re ready to go, Ein.
Bronya: Einstein? Professor, can you hear the Bronya?
Einstein: I’m not questioning the chance of success, I simply fear the unknown dimensions that Otto called the Sea of Quanta.
Einstein: We know nothing about its peculiarities, except that it can be accessed through the Eye of the Deep.
???: That’s why these tests are necessary. Scientists must have the courage to challenge such boundaries.
Einstein: But only when they’re prepared. We need more test runs. This direct engagement seems desperate, Sovereign.
???: We’re always desperate. We’ve been looking for a way to end the Honkai since the disaster of 2000.
???: Anyone who went through that should fear the future. We’re fortunate to have found this city.
???: The Eye of the Deep opened up a new possibility for our plan.
???: A possibility to end the Honkai for good. That’s your dream, right? All of us want to see it happen.
Einstein: Understood. Let’s begin, Welt.
Einstein: Log ABS-63320. Spatial feedback test initiated, Selene β has fired energy into the Eye of the Deep.
Einstein: Deploying Honkai beast subject. Switching on conversion engine.
Bronya: This is not in the Hyperion’s database. They’re Dr. Einstein’s test logs.
Einstein: Subjects suppressed. Conversion countdown: 5, 4, 3, 2, 1…
Comms: Energy injected into the Eye of the Deep’s spatial fissures. All readings normal. Request permission to raise injection rate.
Einstein: Wait! Spacetime curvature readings are deviating.
A whisper could be heard. Everyone sensed a shadow looming over them.
Welt: Something is emerging from the Eye of the Deep. Shut down the energy beam.
Einstein: Engines off. The spatial warp is as clear as day. Do not approach the Eye of the Deep.
Einstein: I repeat. Do not approach that portal.
Welt: No… it’s not working. The spatial disturbance is getting worse. Sorry, Ein. I must…
Einstein: Joachim! Curses! Why didn’t he listen?
Bronya felt a stark darkness begin to blind her eyes, or to be precise, Einstein’s eyes.
A seemingly endless spin followed by an extended silence happened next.


Gameplay EX-8 - Dark Shadows:
Einstein: Has the spatial collapse ended?
Einstein: Firing energy into the Eye of the Deep unexpectedly led to structural collapse.
Einstein: Welt neutralised the spatial warp with his gravitational powers.
Einstein: The test failed. I may be trapped in a spacetime rift within the Sea of Quanta.
Einstein: It seems rather different from the Sea of Quanta we explored last time.
Einstein: Gravity is highly disturbed here. I see many giant rocks floating in the air.
Einstein: We can further affirm that the Sea of Quanta is more complicated than we think.
Einstein: Internal functional checks complete. Spacetime anchor point system for our return is operational.
Einstein: Welt? Do you copy? Please respond.
Welt: ...Is this your plan… to end the Honkai once and for all?
Einstein: (Welt? Who was he talking to?)
Einstein: Signal coordinates triangulated. Please wait.
Welt: Eternal liberation for humanity? I can’t agree. This is unacceptable. This is no liberation…
Einstein: Joachim!


CG plays wherein Welt confronts whoever it was that he was conversing with:
Einstein: What is that?
World Serpent: I shall return, whether you accept me or not.
World Serpent: I shall judge… and deliver you.
Einstein: Joachim!
Welt: Don’t get any closer, Ein!
Welt: It’s not something you can deal with!








Gameplay EX-9 - New Destination:
Welt: I’m sorry, Professor. I should have listened. The mistake is mine. I will fix this myself.
Einstein: We must leave, Sovereign.
Welt: NO! Be rational. You were rational when you advised me.
System: We’ve reached our return coordinates. Activate spacetime anchor?
Einstein: Welt…
Welt: There’s no turning back now, Ein.


CG plays wherein Welt activates the Star of Eden’s Zeroth Power, Quasi Black Hole, with Einstein ultimately being returned to normal reality and Bronya waking from having been trapped within the system:
Welt: Star of Eden! Switch to Zeroth Power!
Welt: Activate!
Einstein: Joachim!
Bronya: The Sea of Quanta?!


Theresa: All facilities are operational.
Einstein: The Gray Serpent left. He stopped hacking the Hyperion. I don’t know what he did.
Einstein: We must freeze the Hyperion’s core systems and Anti-Entropy’s databases for now to assess our losses.
Bronya: Professor Einstein, the Bronya saw past records while fighting the Gray Serpent.
Bronya: What are the Eye of the Deep and the Sea of Quanta?
Bronya: The Gray Serpent was after research data within the Anti-Entropy archives.
Bronya: What did Anti-Entropy discover in the Sea of Quanta last year?
Einstein: …
Einstein: I understand. I will provide an extensive account of the experiment we carried out last year.
Einstein: But we must head to the SOS coordinates that Cocolia sent us.
Einstein: The Deep is a city from the Previous Era.
Einstein: Welt, our Sovereign, awaits us there.












Game Ch X: Under the Deep


Act 1 - Deep Phantom:
Gameplay 10-1 - Crossroads:
CG plays wherein Einstein recounts the events that took place during chapter IX: EX2:
Einstein: Theresa and her crew left Arc City.
Einstein: They hoped to track down Kiana with the data stored in the Ningyo’s brain.
Einstein: Cocolia, an enforcer of Anti-Entropy, later made contact.
Einstein: She wanted the Hyperion to meet with her and transfer the Gem of Desire held by Anti-Entropy.
Einstein: The Gray Serpent, allegedly dead, hacked into the Hyperion’s systems through the Ningyo.
Einstein: After much chaos, the crew managed to restore order to the Hyperion.
Einstein: But the Ningyo remained unconscious. The girls have yet to decide on what to do next.


Einstein: I’ve severed the link between the Ningyo and the mainframe of the Hyperion.
Einstein: But we lack the facilities to awaken her. We must use what we have at Anti-Entropy HQ.
Tesla: But what about Cocolia?
Tesla: She said she needed support and claimed that Schicksal sent a large force to seize the Gem of Desire.
Tesla: Things will get worse if Schicksal gets their hands on that Gem.
Einstein: …
Einstein: I talked to Madam Theresa about this. I came up with two plans.
Einstein: One: Ignore Cocolia’s request for aid and return to our HQ to repair the Ningyo.
Einstein: Though we’ll give up the Gem of Desire to search for Kiana, focusing our forces will minimise risks.
Einstein: We basically give up the Gem and let Cocolia and her forces get defeated by Schicksal.
Einstein: This plan may not be the best.
Bronya: What about the other plan?
Einstein: Split our forces evenly for Anti-Entropy HQ and for helping Cocolia. We’ll solve both issues if we’re lucky.
Einstein: But Schicksal might defeat both forces and we’ll end up losing everything.
Einstein: Plan 1 is less risky, but we’ll definitely lose both the Gem of Desire and Cocolia.
Einstein: Plan 2 is an attempt to keep what we have, but it’s amore dangerous gamble.
Tesla: A tough choice…
Theresa: We should vote on this.
Einstein: Let’s think about this for 5 minutes and cast our votes afterwards.
This is important. How would everyone choose?
Theresa: We can’t afford to lose the Ningyo’s intel nor the Gem of Desire…
Theresa: Do you have any ideas, Mei?
Mei: I’d rather look for Kiana.
Mei: Four months have already passed. I’m really worried about her.
Theresa: Me too. But I don’t want to risk everyone.
Theresa: …
Theresa: I guess we have to go for plan 1.
Mei: I’d like to listen to what you have to say, Dr. Einstein.
Einstein: I’m going for plan 1.
Einstein: Kiana is essential to Otto’s plans. We should try to find her first.
Einstein: And we shouldn’t trust Cocolia.
Einstein: She’s the one who framed your father and caused you to reawaken as a Herrscher in Nagazora.
Mei: I know… I won’t forget what she did to me.
Einstein: But to be honest, plan 1 isn’t perfect either. There’s too much uncertainty.
Einstein: Can we keep ourselves ahead of Otto? How useful is the Ningyo’s intel?
Tesla: …
Mei: What do you think, Dr. Tesla?
Tesla: I’m still thinking about it.
Tesla: Mophead is right. We risk losing it all if we split our forces.
Tesla: But I can’t leave Cocolia on her own.
Tesla: It’s not her that I care about. Her mech regiments will give Anti-Entropy some much-needed reinforcements.
Tesla: We suffered terrible losses after all that stuff we went through.
Tesla: …
Tesla: And before I forget, isn’t Cocolia that little girl’s Matushka or something?
Mei: Bronya…
Tesla: Cocolia’s a sly fox and I really don’t like her type. But Bronya might see her differently.
Tesla: What should we do?
I’m a little worried about Bronya. I should check on her.
Mei: Made up your mind, Bronya?
Bronya: …
Bronya: The Bronya believes that plan 1 is a more feasible option.
Mei: But what would happen to your Matushka?
Bronya: …
Bronya bowed her head slightly. Though expressionless, her sadness was more than obvious.
Mei: (Hmm… Bronya really can’t give up on Cocolia…)
Mei: Follow your mind, Bronya. Dr. Einstein told us to think carefully about this.
Bronya: Da. But Matushka did terrible things to us.
Bronya: The Bronya does not want to endanger anyone else.
Mei: Everyone will be making a sound judgment.
Bronya: …
Bronya: The Bronya… wants to see her again. The Bronya has many questions for her.
Mei: Same here.
Mei: There’s unfinished business between Cocolia and I. I do look forward to meeting her.
Bronya: Thank you, Mei.
Tesla: …
Mei: Dr. Tesla? Were you eavesdropping on us?
Tesla: …!
Tesla: Why would I eavesdrop on teenage girls like you?
Tesla: I’m here to remind you that our 5 minutes is almost up. Time to gather, girls.
Mei: Let’s go, Bronya.
Theresa: I trust everyone has thought about this. Let’s start voting.
Theresa: 3, 2, 1. Cast your votes.
Swoosh.
Theresa: Einstein and I voted for plan 1. Mei, Bronya, and Tesla voted for plan 2.
Einstein: 3:2. We’ll go for plan 2.
Theresa: Time to get into action.
Einstein: I’ve discussed with Madam Theresa regarding the best way to split our forces.
Einstein: Theresa, Bronya, and I will fly the Hyperion to Cocolia and retrieve the Gem of Desire.
Einstein: Dr. Tesla and Mei will take the Helios and head to Anti-Entropy HQ to repair the Ningyo.
Einstein: This proposal is based on our current conditions. Any questions?
Tesla: Nope.
Mei: I trust Dr. Einstein and the Principal’s judgment.
Bronya: The Bronya agrees with this setup.
Einstein: As per our consensus, we should commence plan 2.
Theresa: Be careful, Mei. Rita has acquired the Ningyo’s intel and will be tracking Kiana closely.
Theresa: You might have to deal with her.
Mei: Thank you, Principal. Be careful out there as well.
Mei: Try not to strain yourself, Bronya.
Bronya: Da. The Bronya understands. Thank you, Mei.
Tesla: The Helios has landed. We can board it anytime.
Mei: We’re off.


CG plays wherein the Helios takes off from the surface of the Hyperion:
Theresa: Mei, Tesla…
Theresa: Good luck!
Einstein: We should set off as well, Madam Theresa.


Gameplay 10-2 - Reunion:
4 hours later. Marianas. West Pacific.
Einstein: We’re 15 klicks away from Cocolia’s coordinates. Signal interference. We can’t establish contact.
Theresa: Can you trace the source of the interference?
Einstein: No. I’m picking up strange Honkai energy reactions from the nearby islands.
Einstein: Madam Theresa, can you please check those islands with Bronya?
Theresa: No worries. Leave it to us.
Theresa: This island may be hiding secrets. Be careful out there.
Bronya: Undocumented Honkai beast detected. Categorising the novel mutation.


CG plays wherein two mysterious girls show up to deal with the Honkai beasts:
Theresa: Looks like that’s what’s messing with our comms.
Theresa: Let’s get rid of it.
Theresa: Huh? Who’s there?!
The Twins: It’s down!
The Twins: These Honkai beasts are so lame.


Rozaliya: I got 20 first. I win.
Rozaliya: According to the deal,your dinner cupcake is mine, Lili.
Liliya: Impressive, Roza. I didn’t expect you to beat 20 Honkai beasts so quickly.
Liliya: But since I knew this would happen, I ate my dinner cupcake ahead of time.
Rozaliya: What? That’s cheating!
Theresa: Two girls? Why are they here?
Bronya: (Could they be…)
Bronya: Rozaliya and Liliya?
Rozaliya: ...Hmm?
Bronya called out to them and alerted the two girls to her presence.
Rozaliya: Lili… are you seeing what I’m seeing? That girl is…
Liliya: …
Liliya: Roza, just look at the two big iconic curls… It’s gotta be her!
Rozaliya: Bronya!
Rozaliya: Bronya! It’s Bronya!
The pink haired girl pounced and hugged Bronya while wagging her tail in excitement.
Bronya: It’s been a while, little Roza and Lili. Hmm… you’re not so little anymore.
Liliya: But you are exactly how we remembered. Haven’t changed a bit at all.
Rozaliya: Da. I don’t see… or feel any changes.
Bronya: Roza, stop touching the Bronya.
Bronya: Why are you here? The Bronya almost couldn’t recognise you.
Bronya looked at the girl’s tail.
Rozaliya happily extended her prehensile tail towards Bronya.
Bronya: Hmm.
Rozaliya: Looks great, right? I love my tail. I’m letting you touch it because you’re *the Bronya*.
Rozaliya: Matushka gave it to me and Lili. You’ll need to talk to her if you want one, Bronya.
Liliya: We should focus on our mission, Roza.
Liliya: You’re here with Dr. Einstein, right? Matushka sent me and Roza to pick you up.
Rozaliya: We couldn’t establish contact. Meeting you here was a surprise.
Rozaliya: Time to go and meet up with Matushka…
Bronya: Cocolia…
Bronya: Matushka Cocolia…
Liliya: …?
Rozaliya: ...Bronya?
Bronya: ...The Bronya is alright. Please wait. The Bronya will summon her companions.
Theresa: Do you know those two girls?
Bronya: Da. Rozaliya and Liliya. They were the Bronya’s friends in the orphanage.
Bronya: They are twins. Roza is the older one, but both of them are younger than the Bronya.
Theresa: Great. I think they like you a lot, Bronya.
Theresa: So the pink-haired girl is Rozaliya, right?
Theresa: Why does she have a horn and tail? They don’t look mechanical…
Theresa: These feel like the body parts of Honkai beasts… How can this be?
Bronya: The Bronya does not know. They were normal humans when the Bronya left the orphanage.
Bronya: (What did you do to Roza and Lili, Cocolia?)
Einstein: Those two girls are Cocolia’s soldiers, right?
Bronya: They were sent here to meet us.
Bronya: They couldn’t establish contact so they tried to check the source of interference. They didn’t expect to see us.
Einstein: Well, we did meet up in the end. Let them take us to Cocolia.
Bronya: Little Roza and Lili, the Bronya has explained the situation to her companions. Bring us to the Matushka.
Rozaliya: Whoa, looks like we got ourselves some new friends!
Rozaliya: I’m Rozaliya Olenyeva, the big sister, and I’m Matushka’s best soldier!
Rozaliya: And this is Liliya Olenyeva, my baby sister.
Liliya: Hi there.
Liliya: Roza isn’t too bright and is prone to saying offensive things, but she usually doesn’t mean it.
Rozaliya: That’s mean. I’m actually super bright!
Theresa: So you children are fighting the Honkai beasts on your own?
Rozaliya: Oh dear. Children? Pfft.
Liliya: We’re grown-ups. People who treat us as children end up painfully mistaken.
Rozaliya: That’s 100% correct! Lili and I have Honkai beasts inside of us. We’re super, and I mean super-duper!
Theresa: Honkai beasts?
Liliya: …
Liliya: (You’ve revealed our secret!)
Rozaliya: (Ooops.)
Liliya: (Matushka will know of this, and she’ll yank your tail really hard!)
Rozaliya: (KYAA! Not the tail! It’s super sensitive!)
Liliya: Sorry. That’s classified information. You didn’t hear anything.
Liliya: That’s enough introduction for now. Let’s get moving.
Einstein: Where are we headed to?
Liliya: The Deep. You should know the coordinates, Dr. Einstein.
Einstein: Understood.
Einstein: Madam Theresa, let’s return to the Hyperion. I’ll explain this later.
Everyone returned to the Hyperion.
Einstein: We will be heading to The Deep. It is a ruined city from the Previous Era.
Einstein: I should have mentioned it earlier. I didn’t intend to hide anything.
Theresa: No problem. Schicksal has plenty of secret ruins as well. It’s a secret that everyone knows.
Einstein: …
Theresa: So are we heading to one of the small islands?
Einstein: No. This may sound surprising, but we’re going down to the seafloor.


CG plays wherein the Hyperion traverses the ocean waters, arriving at The Deep:
Einstein: 11°20.9’ N 142°11.5’ E.
Einstein: 6142 meters below sea level.
Einstein: This is The Deep, ruins of the Previous Era found by Anti-Entropy.
Einstein: Te moana kino, the malevolent sea.


Gameplay 10-3 - Deep Navigation:
Outskirts of The Deep, a massive underwater ruin.
Theresa: WHOAH! This looks awesome.
Theresa: I’ve seen plenty of Previous Era ruins myself, but The Deep seems so… undamaged!
Einstein: Being underwater shielded it from much devastation.
Liliya: To seize the Gem of Desire, Schicksal has been attacking Anti-Entropy bases for months.
Rozaliya: More and more enemies came at us, so Matushka chose to keep the Gem here to protect it.
Theresa: That won’t work forever. Schicksal will eventually find out.
Einstein: No.
Einstein: They’re already here.
Einstein: I’ve picked up signals from a large battle. Tactical mechs have engaged Schicksal Valkyries.
Liliya: What…?!
Rozaliya: This shouldn’t be happening! Everything was peaceful when we left.
Rozaliya: Let’s go! We must go down and save Matushka.
Theresa: All crew to battlestations! Assist the mech troops and fend off the hostile Valkyries!
Theresa: We’ve arrived at The Deep. Hostiles have entered the ruins.
Bronya: Hostile forces retreating.
Einstein: Cease pursuit. We have more important things to deal with. We need to find Cocolia.
Cocolia: Never expected people to care for a vixen like me.
Einstein: …!


CG plays wherein Cocolia shows herself to the group:
Cocolia: You’re most welcome, Dr. Einstein…
Cocolia: And…
Cocolia: ...The Hyperion crew.
















Gameplay 10-4 - Underwater Bastion:
Cocolia: I’ve been here for a while, Dr. Einstein and the illustrious crew of the Hyperion.
Cocolia scanned everyone before slowly directing her gaze to Bronya.
Bronya gave no response. Her face betrayed no emotions.
Cocolia: I’m very happy that you're willing to help in times of need…
Einstein: Save your courtesies. We’re going straight to business, Cocolia.
Einstein: Hand over the Gem of Desire, and we’ll transfer it to somewhere safe.
Cocolia: Oh. There’s no rush in this, Dr. Einstein.
Cocolia: Schicksal managed to find this place. We should organise a counter attack.
Einstein: Apologies. We’re short on time and don’t intend to support your private war.
Cocolia: …
Cocolia: And if I refuse to hand over the Gem?
Einstein: Then I’m afraid you’ll be fighting more than just Schicksal.
The atmosphere was intense. Theresa gripped the spear in her hands.
Cocolia’s mechs responded to the tension and assumed combat poses.
Cocolia: Well, now you do look like fugitives trying to run away from Schicksal.
Theresa: We’re here for the Gem of Desire.
Theresa: Hand over the Gem and Schicksal will be after us instead of you.
Theresa: If you still refuse to do so, we’ll have to suspect that you have ill intentions.
Cocolia: …
Cocolia: Theresa… always driving the hard bargain.
Cocolia: I surrender. THere’s no way I can beat an S-rank Valkyrie and veteran of the 2nd Honkai War.
Cocolia: The Gem of Desire is in The Deep. Feel free to take it…
Cocolia: ...If you can.
Einstein: What do you mean by that?
Cocolia: Oh dear, I forgot to mention something.
Cocolia: We had an… accident. The Gem of Desire fell into the Sea of Quanta.
Einstein: …?!
Einstein: Accident? You probably did that on purpose…
Cocolia: When I said accident, I really meant that it was an “accident”.
Cocolia: In any case, I’m confident you can fish it out.
Einstein: You have no idea how dangerous the Sea of Quanta is…
Cocolia: Of course I do. I’m counting on you to fish the Gem out for me… I mean, us.
Cocolia: I’ve prepared the necessary facilities and hardware. Make yourself at home.
Cocolia: While you look for a solution, I’m afraid the Hyperion and her crew must stay to provide cover.
Bronya: Matushka… you did that on purpose to force us into giving you protection…
Bronya: You’ve lied to the Bronya too many times.
Theresa: Calm down, Bronya. Don’t fall for her trap.
Cocolia: I’m sorry. I just want everyone to get away from this place alive.
Cocolia: Schicksal might keep attacking us, even if you leave with the Gem.
Cocolia: And I have a gut feeling that you were only here for the Gem and not us.
Einstein: …
Cocolia: I’ve said it before and I’ll say it again. We must work together. Schicksal is our common enemy.
Cocolia: You may enter the ruins. Feel free to rifle through everything if you think I’m hiding the Gem.
Cocolia: I look forward to doing business with you.
Einstein: She trapped us. I think we’ll have to stay here for a while.
Einstein: Apologies. I didn’t expect Cocolia to do things this way.
Bronya: The Bronya should apologise. She should have known better.
Einstein: We voted for this, Bronya. It’s not your fault.
Einstein: Instead of blaming ourselves, we should look for a solution.
Theresa: Erm, Dr. Einstein, what exactly is this “Sea of Quanta”?
Einstein: The Sea of Quanta is one of the deepest secrets of these ruins. I’ll try to keep this simple…
Einstein: You should see this for yourself. Follow me.
Theresa: Didn’t expect such mysteries to lie under the Pacific Ocean. When did Anti-Entropy find this?
Einstein: It happened several years ago.
Einstein: During the 2nd Honkai War, a lunar meteor crashed into the Pacific.
Einstein: These ruins were found when we attempted to salvage the meteor.
Einstein: Schicksal paid little attention as this place belonged to Anti-Entropy… being underwater also helped.
Theresa: We’re really deep underwater, but why is there light here?
Theresa: Luminous seaweed? They have some awesome biotech here!
Bronya: The writings in these ruins…
Einstein: It’s the global language used by the Previous Era, originating from the lost continent of Mu.
Einstein: The Dead Sea Scrolls also included these texts.
Bronya: Dead Sea Scrolls… ancient writings first found at the banks of the Dead Sea…
Bronya: The Bronya didn’t expect them to be relics of the Previous Era.
Einstein: The Dead Sea Scrolls contained theoretical foundations that allowed us to construct the Selene.
Einstein: I suspect that the Selene has technologies similar to that of The Deep.
Einstein: But we don’t have any solid evidence to back that up.
Bronya: The Selene…
Bronya: The Bronya hopes this trip will provide something more than just the Gem.
Einstein: Salvaged records described Mu as the most advanced region of the Previous Era.
Einstein: It had the latest technologies and housed one 6th of the planet’s population.
Theresa: That’s so weird. What happened to all those people and cities and high-tech stuff?
Einstein: Well, Mu was destroyed in ways unimaginable…
Einstein: The 9th Herrscher, also known as the Herrscher of Earth, created a giant pseudo black hole and destroyed Mu.
Einstein: The violent tectonic activities that followed created the Mariana Trench and swallowed up the ruins.
Bronya: The Bronya is surprised at how a vast continent can just disappear and leave little of its passing.
Einstein: That’s actually my best hypothesis as to what happened, but the loss of Mu should teach us a lesson.
Einstein: We can’t control the Herrschers. Otto’s plans of bringing them back is insane.
Theresa: We must find the Gem of Desire and thwart his plans.
Bronya: …? It’s Roza and Lili.
Bronya: What are they doing here?
Rozaliya: Surprise, Bronya!
Rozaliya: Look! Our home is now a beautiful underwater garden way better than the orphanage.
Rozaliya: And Schicksal wants to wreck this place. I won’t allow that.
Liliya: Matushka wants us to check the damage inflicted to The Deep. Can you help us, Bronya?
Theresa: No signs of invasion in the places we’ve checked.
Einstein: Let’s head back to the entrance. That’s where the enemy made a breach.
Bronya: …! Honkai beasts are coming in through the breach.
Theresa: Enemies destroyed. Let’s head back and tell the twins.
Rozaliya: What? More enemies hiding here?
Theresa: Job done. All cleaned up!
Rozaliya: Hmm… Theresa looks pretty strong even though she looks younger than us.
Rozaliya: I think I smell something on her that doesn’t smell like little girls.
Theresa: KYAA! What are you doing?
Rozaliya: *Sniff, sniff*
Rozaliya: …Hnnngggh!
Rozaliya: What the hell? It’s bitter melon! The worst thing people can eat!
Theresa: That’s so rude! I love bitter melon.
Bronya: The Principal remains adept at handling young children and minors.
Einstein: You should have a good understanding of this place by now.
Einstein: Time to focus. We need to get inside The Deep.
Cocolia: That’s the heart of The Deep. And that’s where Anti-Entropy keeps its greatest secrets.
Cocolia: I don’t need to hide anything. It’s all yours.
Cocolia: Good luck.


Gameplay 10-5 - Sea of Quanta:
The Deep. In the massive underwater ruins.
Theresa: Is this… The Deep?
Theresa: Whoah. It’s… it’s so different compared to what we saw outside… it’s like another world…
Theresa: Just looking around this place makes me feel dizzy…
Bronya: These ruins of the Previous Era appear rather unique.
Bronya: Dr. Einstein, what is the Sea of Quanta?
Einstein: …
Einstein: All matter in the universe is formed by quanta, and each of them brings innate uncertainty.
Einstein: Once observed, a quantum collapses countless parallel universes to form one specific universe.
Einstein: This is the basis of the famous Many-Worlds Interpretation, or MWI.
Theresa: Okay. Erm… can you try repeating that in layman’s terms?
Einstein: I’ll attempt to use an analogy.
Einstein: Assume that the universe is a glass of water surrounded by an infinite number of other glasses of water.
Einstein: Overflowing water will flow along the glass walls to form a puddle in the middle of the table.
Einstein: This puddle does not belong to any glass… but the water of the puddle may be from any glass.
Einstein: People of the Previous Era found this “puddle” dimension between the myriad of other parallel universes.
Einstein: This “puddle” was named the Sea of Quanta.
Theresa: WHOAH. It sounds like something Rita needs to clean up… why not call it the Puddle of Quanta?
Bronya: Ahem. If the Sea of Quanta does exist, we might be able to reach other universes with it.
Bronya: Is it really possible?
Einstein: It’s just a theory… and no one’s ever seen the other end of the Sea of Quanta.
Einstein: Getting inside the Sea is difficult enough.
Einstein: From the archives of The Deep, scientists of the Previous Era managed to create a portal to enter the Sea.
Bronya: The Bronya guesses that portal would be these ruins…
Einstein: Correct. Natives of the Current Era call this place te moana kino, the malevolent sea.
Einstein: In truth, this is not a city nor is it a fortress. It’s a giant portal for entering the Sea of Quanta.
Einstein: The best name for this portal would be the Eye of the Deep.
Theresa: Eye of the Deep?! No wonder.
Theresa: I swear I was feeling uncomfortable all this while. Turned out an eye was staring at me.
Einstein: The Sea of Quanta slowly eroded the Eye and turned this artificial building into an alien dimension.
Einstein: We attempted to explore the Sea of Quanta last year, but…
Einstein suddenly looked a little sad.
Einstein: ...I’ll just say that we had failed.
Einstein: Tesla and I believed that we lacked the technological capabilities to explore the Sea.
Einstein: That project was placed on indefinite hold. We never returned to The Deep…
Einstein: Until now.. And for other reasons too.
Einstein: We must get to the other side of the Eye, find the Gem of Desire, and return it to the real world.
Bronya: It’s the new Honkai beast type we fought on the island.
Bronya: Perhaps they’re related to these ruins.
Einstein: We’ve reached the end.
Theresa: Oh dear… it looks like a big mess down there. Do we have to dive into it to enter the Sea of Quanta?
Bronya: Doctor, to enter the Sea of Quanta…
Einstein: I’ve thought about this.
Einstein: I’ll go in myself. Please protect the portal.
Einstein: While the Eye of the Deep is open, its energy emissions will attract nearby Honkai beasts.
Theresa: You? Alone?
Einstein: Not everyone can enter the Sea of Quanta.
Einstein: Madam Theresa, you’ve been feeling unwell since you entered The Deep.
Theresa: I’m just uncomfortable. I can still fight…
Einstein: It means that the Sea of Quanta is rejecting your presence.
Einstein: The Sea affects people differently. Only a few could stomach its negative influences.
Einstein: You’re unlikely to survive exposure to the Sea.
Theresa: Ugh…
Einstein: Bronya seems alright, but I don’t want to risk anyone.
Einstein: I shall go forth on my own.
Bronya: Will Dr. Einstein be alright?
Einstein: I’ll be alright. Trust me.
Einstein: That’s enough for today. Let’s head back to the Hyperion. We have so much to do next.


Gameplay 10-6 - Nightfall:
0100 hours. Training cabins. The Hyperion.
System: Beeep… beep…
System: Target destroyed.
System: 8 items completed. Good work.
Theresa: …
Theresa: ...Keep going.
System: Warning. Simulated training intensity has exceeded safety limits.
Theresa: Keep going!
System: Beeep… beep…
System: Generating item 9. Generating scene 9.
System: Item 9 and scene 9 generated.


CG plays wherein the simulated combat instance forms, revealing the appearance and structures of the Schicksal HQ.


System: Beeep… beep…
System: Target destroyed.
System: 9 items completed. Good work.
Theresa: …
Einstein: Hard at work, Madam Theresa?
Theresa: What?
The simulated red-colored sky faded away and revealed the smooth cabin walls.
Theresa: Doctor Einstein? You’re still awake.
Einstein: I don’t usually sleep at this time.
Einstein: I’m here for something else.
Einstein: While the system simulates the Sea of Quanta’s waveform fluctuations, I’ve managed to finish your project.
Einstein: I’ve ran a systematic inspection of your Blood Knight: Moonlight battlesuit.
Einstein: I didn’t find any backdoors. Schicksal probably isn’t tracking us with this.
Theresa: Good. That’s one less thing to worry about.
Einstein: But there was a surprise finding.
Einstein: I identified a sub-routine named “Gleipnir” hidden within the main protocols.
Theresa: What? Is that Old Norse? I haven’t been studying that…
Einstein: The sub-routine appears to be aimed at limiting the potential of the Blood Knight battlesuit.
Theresa: What do you mean by that?
Einstein: You possess the genes of the Emperor-class Honkai beast “Vishnu”, which boosts your strength and regeneration.
Einstein: But these aren’t the true powers of “Vishnu”.
Einstein: Listen to what I have to say, Madam Theresa.
Einstein: Vishnu is an Emperor-class beast because it’s extremely dangerous when destroyed.
Theresa: When destroyed? Does that mean I have to destroy…
Einstein: Vishnu gains power by devouring other Honkai beasts.
Theresa: …
Einstein: Blood Knight is a Godsbane battlesuit designed to activate your Vishnu genes.
Einstein: But Gleipnir, the Binder of the Wolf, is designed to suppress the release of the active elements.
Einstein: In fact, this suit keeps you at 15% of your true potential.
Theresa: 15%? You mean I’ve been fighting at 15% all this time?
Einstein: Indeed. Active element release is divided into 5 levels. You’ve been locked at level 1.
Einstein: The Gleipnir sub-routine in the Blood Knight suit does nothing but suppress your Vishnu genes.
Einstein: If it were to be removed, active elements will increase with time and reach higher levels.
Einstein: Interestingly, level 3 is labeled as “Danger” while level 5 is labeled as “Apocalyptic”.
Einstein: I surmise that reaching level 5 will max out your potential at 100%.
Theresa: What happens when I reach 100%?
Einstein: I have no idea.
Theresa: …
Theresa: …
Theresa: Erm… Can you uninstall Gleipnir, or do something about it?
Einstein: Of course. So long as you’re ready.














Act 2 - Dream Mirage:
Gameplay 10-7 - Games:
1100 hours. Bridge. The Hyperion.
Einstein: Good news.
Einstein: Results showed that the Sea of Quanta will stabilise in 20 hours. That’ll be our chance.
Einstein: I must locate the Gem of Desire today.
Bronya: The Bronya can provide assistance.
Einstein: You are gifted, Bronya, but I’m afraid you need to learn about the Cauchy-Goursat theorem.
Bronya: The Bronya shall initiate learning of said theorem.
Einstein: I actually need you to help with something else.
Einstein: *whisper* Can you take these girls away and leave me in peace?
Rozaliya: HEYA! GEWWWD morning, Doc! What are we doing today?!
Liliya: It’s almost time for lunch, Roza.
Einstein: *whisper* Why are they here?
Theresa: Cocolia ordered them to work with us. I think she wants someone to babysit them.
Theresa: There’s something I need to attend to, Bronya. Can you take the twins outside?
Bronya: Roza, Lili, go play outside. The grown-ups are working.
Rozaliya: We want you to play with us, Bronya!
Rozaliya: How about hide and seek? There are 3 of us this time.
Liliya: I like hide and seek. You don’t have to move as much.
Bronya: Nyet. The Bronya shall play something else.
Rozaliya: Oh, yeah, we can do that!
Rozaliya: Now that we have an audience, we can perform our skit.
Bronya: Skit?
Rozaliya: While you were away doing sneaky spy stuff, Lili and I came up with something awesome.
Rozaliya: Yeah! We’re the Vodka Girls, the best performing starlets of Siberia…
Liliya: ...Of the Cocolia Orphanage, actually.
Rozaliya: Back-to-back performances around the year.
Liliya: ...Once a year, and that’s more than enough.
Rozaliya: Full house for every show.
Liliya: ...Our friends at the orphanage, to be honest.
Rozaliya: Many people had to stand because of limited seating.
Liliya: ...Indeed. We only have 3 chairs.
Rozaliya: CAN YOU SHUT UP, LILI?
Bronya: The Bronya is now extremely enthusiastic about hide and seek.
Roza and Lili have disappeared.
Where could they be hiding? Try to look for clues.
Nothing unusual. Continue the search.
The inside of The Deep is an ideal hiding place.
But they won’t go there without Matushka’s orders.
The pond is calm. No traces along the banks.
They’re probably not here.
Puddles of water on the floor. Something happened.
A broken branch of coral. The break is fresh.
A child attempted to hide here but fell off.
She should be covered in water.
...They’ve laid a trap.
The Bronya is no longer interested in hide and seek.
Rozaliya: KYAA! THE BRONYA FOUND US!
Liliya: Kyaa, we got found.
Bronya: Why are you two hiding together?
Liliya: I’m tired of looking for a place to hide. I’ll just go where Roza is.
Rozaliya: We lost. As promised, we shall perform “Vodka Does Not Believe in Tears” to the winner.
Bronya: The Bronya does not remember this promise.
Liliya: Roza wrote the script. She has bad handwriting, but I think it’s a good story.
Bronya: Vodka Does Not Believe in Tears sounds like a joke. The 1980 movie is a masterpiece…
Bronya: …
Bronya: Whatever… the Bronya is disgusted with this disrespect of cinema history.
Rozaliya: Act 1.
Rozaliya: A long time ago, the Boris Orphanage of snowy Siberia welcomed a new resident…
Liliya: I’m Alexander Alexeyevich Dostoyevsky…
Liliya: The fourth child of Alexey Grigoriyevich Dostoyevsky…
Bronya: The Bronya wants to continue the fun and engaging game of hide and seek.
Rozaliya: What? Is it because of Alex… Ale… Dosto… vsky?
Bronya: Long mundane names will lose the audience. Stick with shorter names, like… the Bronya…
Liliya: But everyone really likes our story, Bronya.
Bronya: Define “everyone” in specific terms.
Liliya: Kitty, puppy, birdie, and… stoney?
Rozaliya: Oh, and Honkai beastie!
Bronya: …
Rozaliya: …
Liliya: …
The girls stared at each other without a word. The brief silence then gave way to explosive laughter.
The air was filled with the sounds of joy.
Rozaliya’s laugh, however, quickly faded.
Rozaliya: …
Rozaliya: I haven’t felt this great in ages…
Rozaliya: It felt like the old orphanage days with everyone around…
Rozaliya: Bronya, Zofia, Isabella, Seele…
Liliya: …
Bronya: …
Bronya: What happened to the rest of the children in the orphanage?
Rozaliya: Something happened. Matushka only brought the older girls along.
Liliya: The younger ones were left behind. Sin Mal is taking care of them now.
Bronya: The Bronya was unaware that Sin Mal could take care of people.
Rozaliya: Do you have time, Bronya?
Rozaliya: There’s a place I want to show you.


Gameplay 10-8 - Old Friends:
Bronya: What is this place?
Liliya: We found this accidentally. It probably peeled off from The Deep.
Liliya: It’s beautiful here, like a fairytale wonderland…
Rozaliya: We’ve been running away from Schicksal for 4 months and saw only ruins and desolate wastelands…
Rozaliya: I thought we were dreaming when we first saw this place.
Rozaliya: Never knew such a nice place existed before… it felt like heaven.
Bronya: …?
Rozaliya: All roaming Honkai beasts have been destroyed. Follow me.
Bronya: What is this?
There was a pile of neatly stacked stones in the coral. Bronya knew what it was.
Bronya: The girls… did they all make it here?
Liliya: …
Liliya didn’t answer. Instead, she knelt down beside a tombstone.
Liliya: Isabella, Bronya’s here with us. We’re here to see you.
Rozaliya: Sorry, Bronya. We should have told you about this.
Rozaliya: You were away the whole time. Now you’re finally back, and I want you to say hello to them.
Bronya: …
Bronya: Understood. Don’t feel sorry, Roza.
A neat stack of stones of various sizes.
Shells decorate this pile of stones… they couldn’t get flowers here.
Bronya: Explain. How did this happen?
Rozaliya: The Honkai Eruption destroyed much of the world… many didn’t make it.
Rozaliya: We were always running away from Schicksal… we tried to bring them along with us.
Liliya: Matushka helped us build these stone tombs.
Liliya: We told her about this pretty island, and she likes it here too.
Liliya: Matushka felt that this was a happier place compared to the Siberian tundra.
Liliya: They never got to see such a nice place before, but now they can sleep tight here forever.
Rozaliya: I really hope they like this place.
Bronya: …
The children knelt before the burial mounds decorated with colorful shells.
The 2nd Honkai Eruption destroyed their homes and childhood. The reawakening of the Herrscher of the Void at the Battle of Schicksal took away their friends.
The melodies of the sea echoed in the background as Bronya looked at the tombstones in silence.
Memories welled up within her mind.
The snow on the roof, the old broom, the bland borscht…
...And the blue-haired girl who stayed by her side.
Many things happened.
Too many things, in fact.
Bronya suddenly realised that the familiar orphanage was no more.
It may have ended when Seele left… or when Cocolia betrayed her…
Those fond memories were only ephemeral, drowned out by an emotionless void.
She thought time could heal those wounds.
But this sight was like a nameless pain that seized her by her throat.
She remembered the burning brain chip and the Gray Serpent’s taunting…
These memories were like cold, iron chains, dragging her into a bottomless abyss.
She could hear that person’s voice echoing at the very bottom of that pit…
Cocolia: ...Bronya?
Bronya: …!
Cocolia: Bronya?
Bronya turned around and saw Cocolia.
The Matushka recovered quickly from her surprise.
Bronya: …?
Rozaliya: …!
Bronya looked at Rozaliya. The elder twin shook her head. She had no idea that Cocolia was coming.
Bronya: The Bronya shall head back.
Cocolia: Why don’t you stay a little longer, Bronya?
Cocolia tried to stop Bronya from leaving.
SMACK.
Cocolia: …?
Bronya: The Bronya is not here to reconcile with Matushka.
Cocolia: Bronya…
Bronya: Matushka used the chip to manipulate the Bronya into hurting Wendy and Mei.
Bronya: The Bronya does not forgive these crimes.
Cocolia: I was desperate. We needed every Herrscher we could capture.
Cocolia: If the Herrscher research was successful…
Bronya: The Bronya does not care.
Cocolia: …!
Bronya: The Bronya is disgusted that Matushka is still looking for excuses for her evil deeds…
Bronya: ...And thinks that everything can go on as usual.
Bronya: …
Bronya: Matushka lied to the Bronya.
Cocolia: …
Cocolia: You’re entitled to your opinions. Leave us, Bronya.
Bronya left without a word.
She wanted Cocolia to keep arguing, but her Matushka silenced their conversation.
Bronya: …
Bronya: The Bronya… used to trust Matushka most…
She left after saying that.
Liliya: (Oh no…)
Rozaliya: (We gotta get her back!)
Rozaliya: Wait for us, Bronya!
Liliya: Bronya, are you alright?
Rozaliya: We didn’t plan this. We didn’t expect Matushka to show up.
Bronya: The Bronya does not blame the twins.
Bronya: The Bronya has some problems with Matushka… it does not concern you.
Bronya: Night is approaching. It’s time to return.
Rozaliya: Let’s go…
Rozaliya: Lili and I will help you get the Gem of Desire.
Liliya: …
Rozaliya: Hah. Lili, are you alright?
Liliya: Good night, Roza.
Liliya collapsed directly into Rozaliya’s arms.
Bronya: What happened?
Rozaliya: Liliya falls asleep at about 1900 hours. She never grows up.
Bronya: Little Roza appears to be more responsible at the moment.
Rozaliya: Hey, is that an insult? I’ll hurt you if it is.
Bronya: Please explain this.
Rozaliya: …
Rozaliya: I’ll tell you what happened, Bronya.
Rozaliya: I was carrying her like this at the beach. She was sick.
Rozaliya: We ran into a swarm of Honkai beasts.
Bronya: What?
Rozaliya: We were wounded. I can still remember the expression on Matushka’s face when she found us.
Rozaliya: It was fear… I never knew Matushka could feel fear…
Bronya: What happened, Roza?
Rozaliya: We… we almost failed to make it, Bronya.
Rozaliya: Matushka saved us. She found a great doctor who treated our wounds.
Rozaliya: We grew horns and tails… but we also became faster and could beat zombies and beasts easily!
Rozaliya: Lili became a big sleepyhead, but everything else is good.
Rozaliya: …
Rozaliya: Both of us knew that Matushka did bad experiments on Bronya…
Rozaliya: ...But those experiments are the reasons why we’re still alive.
Bronya: The Bronya understands…
Rozaliya: After you and Seele left, Matushka would often shut herself in her room.
Rozaliya: She pretended she was alright, but everyone knew she was sad.
Rozaliya: I think Matushka did not like what she did. She really loves you and Seele.
Bronya: …
Rozaliya: I know that might mean little to you…
Rozaliya: But Matushka needs us. That’s why Lili and I stayed.
Rozaliya: I want to help her, save everyone in the orphanage, and cure Lili’s sleeping problem.
Rozaliya: I will help Matushka so that she doesn’t have to do those experiments again.
Rozaliya: You and Matushka protected us, Bronya. But Lili and I have learned to fight as well.
Bronya: Spasibo, Roza.














Gameplay 10-9 - Train of Thought:
Einstein: Back, Miss Zaychik? Caught up with your old friends?
Bronya: …
Einstein: …?
Einstein: Dr. Tesla messaged us in the afternoon. She told me to give this to you.
Bronya: What is this?
Einstein: While working on Miss Raiden’s combat raiment, she read your data and made one for you as well.
Einstein: I guess she forgot about it when she boarded the Helios in haste.
Einstein: We may need to fine-tune this combat raiment. Let’s take care of that now.
Einstein: That went well. The combat raiment should be ready for battle.
Bronya: The Brnya wants to ask about the Sea of Quanta, Dr. Einstein.
Einstein: What do you want to ask?
Bronya: The Bronya read your test records when Gray Serpent hacked the Hyperion’s mainframe.
Bronya: Our leader Welt Yang was trapped in the Sea of Quanta as a result of the experiment last year.
Einstein: …
Einstein: I didn’t talk about him. I didn’t want to make you worried.
Einstein: He chose to stay there.
Einstein: We tried to explore the Sea of Quanta last year.
Einstein: But we woke something in there. The test failed and both of us were sucked into the Eye of the Deep.
Bronya: Something?
Einstein: I don’t know what it was, but I’m certain that it’s an enemy of humanity.
Einstein: Welt helped me escape the Sea of Quanta, but he stayed behind to fight it.
Bronya: Did you attempt a rescue?
Einstein: We couldn’t. We lacked the technology for that.
Einstein: Making the wrong move will only hinder him further.
Bronya: …
Einstein: Why are you asking?
Bronya: The Bronya was only curious.
Einstein: …?
Einstein: Don’t harbor any fantasies about the Sea of Quanta, Miss Zaychik. Its secrets are still beyond us.
Bronya: The Bronya understands.
Einstein: Our simulations have located the Gem of Desire. Rest well for the night.
Einstein: We’ll take action tomorrow.
Bronya: …
Bronya: …
Bronya stared into the distance. As always, every beam of light trying to reach the depths was refracted by the constant flow.
She remembered seeing this as she left the X-10 labs in the summer 4 years ago.
Theresa: Ah, you’re here, Bronya.
Bronya: Principal Theresa?
Theresa: Is it about Cocolia?
Bronya: …
Bronya: The Bronya met her. It was not a good meeting.
Theresa: Did she apologise?
Bronya: Nyet, but Rozaliya said she regretted what she had done.
Theresa: But what do you think?
Bronya: The Bronya does not know.
Bronya: All the Bronya knew before she was 12 was how to obey and kill. Matushka delivered the Bronya from hell.
Bronya: Matushka gave her a family, friends, and love...all that the Bronya ever wanted.
Bronya: The Bronya stayed in the orphanage for 2 years. It felt like home.
Bronya: But…
Theresa: She did something bad to you, I guess.
Bronya: The Bronya knew Matushka needed Herrschers…
Bronya: She would do anything to create or capture Herrschers to help the orphanage survive.
Bronya: But the Bronya refused to harm Wendy or Mei…
Theresa: You did nothing wrong, Bronya. You’ve always made the right choice.
Theresa: No one should force you to go against your wishes. Her measures were terrible, too.
Bronya: The Bronya can’t deny Matushka’s love… but the Bronya can’t forgive Matushka’s actions.
Bronya: The Bronya is conflicted about Matushka…
Theresa: …
Theresa: Perhaps Cocolia really loves her children. But love must be based on respect.
Theresa: She must know that children do grow up.
Bronya: Respect?
Theresa: Adults also experience fear and confusion when there’s no answer in sight.
Theresa: In situations like this, you must stand firm and believe in the right thing, Bronya.
Theresa: You’re one of the best students of St. Freya, and a great Valkyrie warrior fighting for humanity.
Theresa: I don’t care about why you did that. The truth is that you did do all of that.
Theresa: Believe in yourself, Bronya. You’re not a child anymore.
Bronya: …
Bronya: The Bronya is unaccustomed to Principal Theresa sharing words of wisdom.
Theresa: Hah. Don’t flatter me. Hey, wait…
Bronya: The Bronya feels much better already. The Bronya shall continue to work hard.
Theresa: Alright, Bronya. I know you can do it.
Bronya: Spasibo, Principal Theresa.


Gameplay 10-10 - Roiling Undercurrent:
CG plays wherein Cocolia looks towards The Deep, with a photo of Rozaliya, Liliya, Sin Mal, Bronya, and Seele all together in her hand.


System: Beeep… beep…
Einstein: Unexpected fluctuations in The Deep? What happened?
Einstein: I’ll have an engineer bot check it out.
System: Beep.
Sechs: Greetings. May I be of service?
Einstein: Switch voice prompts off.
Sechs: Voice prompt: OFF.
Einstein: An alarm. I need to get around it.
Einstein: More alarms…
Garbled Noise: …
Garbled Noise: ...Gem of Desire… do it…
Einstein: …?
Einstein: Someone else at The Deep?
Garbled Noise: ...According to plan… Einstein will enter the Eye…
Garbled Noise: ...Do not harm the children…
Einstein: That must be Cocolia. She’s planning something.
Einstein: Who is she talking to?
Garbled Noise: About that thing…
Garbled Noise: ...We’ve received intel… Judgment of Shamash…
Garbled Noise: Wait, Cocolia…
System: …
Garbled Noise: ...You’ve been followed.
System: Buzz…
Einstein: We’ve been compromised.
Einstein: Sechs is no longer operational. It’s probably captured.
Einstein: …
Einstein: (I think I’ve heard that voice before…)




CG plays wherein a mysterious assailant appears behind Einstein, shooting her:
Einstein: Cocolia is hiding something. I need to contact Madam Theresa.


???: …
???: Discretion is better than valor. Secrecy is also a useful skill.
???: But you’ve made a fatal error, Einstein.
???: Scientists do need discretion, but a spy needs something else.
???: This planet is out of safe places.


CG plays wherein massive amounts of Honkai beasts rush towards The Deep.


Act 3 - Waves of Fury:
Gameplay 10-11 - Chaotic Maelstrom:
Bridge of the Hyperion.
Bronya: Principal Theresa, the Bronya could not locate Dr. Einstein.
Theresa: Why is this happening?
Bronya: The Bronya last saw her in the prep chamber but it is now empty, save for a message on the screen.
A complex algorithm for locating the Gem of Desire was left on the display.
It was just as Einstein had said. She made all preparations for retrieving the Gem.
Theresa: (Einstein would have told us if that was the case… I suspect something…)
Bronya: Principal, violent Honkai energy reactions were detected on the Pacific seafloor…
Bronya: Nearby Honkai beasts are converging towards The Deep.
Theresa: Honkai beasts? Could it be…
Cocolia: Theresa… Bronya…
Theresa: What did you do, Cocolia? The Honkai beasts are attacking The Deep.
Cocolia: I was about to ask you the same thing.
Cocolia: The Eye has been activated. The Honkai beasts are attracted to its energy.
Bronya: The portal to the Sea of Quanta is open?
Theresa: Get out of my way! We’re going in!
Cocolia: All yours, Theresa. I won’t be in your way, especially when you’re marching towards hell.
Cocolia: But I forbid Bronya to go with you.
Bronya: …
Cocolia: The Eye is out of control. Thousands of Honkai beasts are heading this way.
Cocolia: Schicksal will not stand idle. We’re doomed if we stay.
Cocolia: We have decided to give up The Deep. Leave with us.
Bronya: The Bronya must do something.
Cocolia: What can you do? Listen to your Matushka! Leave with us.
Bronya: …
Bronya: The Bronya refuses.
Cocolia: Tactical mechs! Stop her right there!
Cocolia: …Stop!
Cocolia: Come back, Bronya.
Bronya: The Bronya is no longer a child, Matushka…
Bronya: ...She has grown up a long time ago.
Cocolia: …!
Cocolia: Roza… Lili…
Cocolia: Bronya is heading to The Deep. Go help her!
Cocolia: Do not approach the Sea of Quanta!
Rozaliya and Liliya: Aye!
Cocolia: …
Cocolia: Curses!
Cocolia slammed her fist into the wall, and blood began to trickle down from her fresh wounds.
Ghostly footsteps echoed in the darkness. A figure slowly appeared.
???: I’m impressed, Cocolia.
Cocolia: I’m not in the mood to entertain you, vile worm!
Gray Serpent: I must admit, you’re the best partner I’ve ever dealt with.
Gray Serpent: I have to applaud the way you’ve turned this unfavorable situation around.
Gray Serpent: I don’t know how you’re always ready to sacrifice anything at your disposal.
Gray Serpent: You are an outstanding Matushka, Cocolia. The Serpent… approves.
Cocolia: …
Cocolia: (Why, Bronya? WHY?!)


Gameplay 10-12 - Rushing Torrents:
Bronya: No sign of Dr. Einstein. Energy fluctuations in the Eye are intensifying.
Theresa: Dammit. We’re getting more and more Honkai beasts.
Rozaliya: Hey, are you doing alright?
Bronya: Roza… Lili…
Liliya: Don’t worry, Bronya. We’re here to help.
Liliya: Ooops. Incoming enemies.
Rozaliya: They’re just like the roaches in the orphanage. Endless!
Theresa: The Honkai beasts are invading this place from the sea.
Theresa: We must activate the pressure control to flush them out.
Liliya: I don’t feel too good about this place, Roza…
Liliya: I feel like something is staring at us…
Rozaliya: Yeah. I feel kinda dizzy. I don’t remember eating any weird stuff.
Rozaliya: Well, I’m glad the battle’s over…
Liliya: Ooops. Battle ain’t over. Here they come again.
Liliya: Curses. I think every Honkai beast in the ruins is heading this way.
A horde of Honkai beasts appeared right after Liliya spoke her words.
This horde quickly swamped the place.
Rozaliya: Is this a joke or something? I guess every beast in the Pacific is heading this way!
Theresa: (This has to be the worst timing ever.)
Theresa: (We must hold them back. We can’t afford to lose The Deep.)
Theresa: …!
Theresa: Let a real adult take care of this. Bronya, get the girls to safety!
Theresa: Don’t get too close to me!
The heavy chains were extended, tugging the crimson cross towards Theresa.
Theresa: …
Theresa: Erm… Can you uninstall Gleipnir, or do something about it?
Einstein: Of course. So long as you’re ready.
Theresa: …
Theresa: I’m more than ready!
Theresa: Blood Knight: Moonlight…
Theresa: Activate!


Gameplay 10-13 - Vehement Fury:
System: Warning. Active element level critical.
System: Initiating countdown. 10...
System: 9… 8… 7…
System: 6… 5… 4…
System: 3… 2… 1…
System: Level 3 restrictions lifted.
Honkai Beast: …!!
The roaring horde assaulted the Blood Knight.
She faced a legion of carapace horrors with horns, fangs, and claws gleaming with death.
But none of them could land a hit on her.
Her bloodied spears and chains ripped through the Honkai legion.
In a furious storm of blades and chains, all the monsters were shattered into pieces.
The battle was far from over.
The Honkai horde dwindled at an astonishing pace.
But her innate senses warned her that danger had yet to pass.
Theresa: …!
Theresa: (Something’s coming…)
Bronya: Principal, the Bronya has detected a strong energy signature… and it’s approaching fast.
Bronya: Wait… what is that?
Bronya: The energy signature is coming straight from the Eye of the Deep.


CG plays wherein a gigantic Honkai humanoid creature emerges from the Eye of the Deep:
Theresa: Something… is approaching!
The Twins: WHOAH! That’s a big one!


Gameplay 10-14 - Under the Deep:
Tlaloc: …!!
Bronya: The unknown enemy is heading back to the Sea of Quanta…
Bronya: Wait. Energy levels of the Sea of Quanta are falling…
Bronya: Is the portal to the Sea of Quanta collapsing?
Tlaloc: …!!
The monstrosity’s final struggles obliterated the platform that the girls stood on.
Bronya: …!!
The shattered rubble separated the girls from one another. Bronya’s mind raced.
She was the only one capable of making the next move.
Reason commanded her to ensure her own safety, join her friends, and devise a strategy.
But…
The Eye would close at any moment. Einstein was gone, and she was the only one who could reopen it.
Very soon, Schicksal would take advantage of the chaos and besiege the ruins.
If that was to happen, the Gem of Desire would be forever lost to them.
What should she do?
Neither the Principal nor Dr. Einstein could give her advice.
Bronya must decide…
Bronya: This is… our final chance…
Rozaliya: Wait! Bronya!
Bronya: Have no fear, Roza.
Bronya: The Bronya will be back.
Bronya then leaped into the swirling depths.


CG plays wherein Bronya arrives in the Sea of Quanta, confronted by a mysterious boy:
Bronya: This is… the Sea of Quanta…
Bronya: Who are… you?


Game Ch XI: Deep End of the Sea


Act 1 - Myriad Sea:
Gameplay 11-1 - Manifest Corridor:
CG plays wherein the events of chapter X are recounted, being narrated by Bronya:
Bronya: The crew of the Hyperion arrived at The Deep, an Anti-Entropy base.
Bronya: They attempted to enter the Sea of Quanta using a portal named the Eye of the Deep…
Bronya: ...To retrieve the lost Gem of Desire.
Bronya: On the eve of action…
Bronya: ...Einstein went missing after a mysterious attack.
Bronya: The Eye of the Deep spun out of control for reasons unknown.
Bronya: To find the lost Gem…
Bronya: Amidst the swirling chaos…
Bronya: Bronya leaped into the Sea of Quanta.


Joachim: I’m Joachim… and you’re…
Bronya: ...Bronya.
Joachim: I saw you falling from that huge wormhole. You’re from the outside world, right?
Joachim: Don’t worry. You’re only in the Sea of Quanta for a while. You can still make it back.
Bronya: Thank you, but the Bronya is not going back.
Bronya: The Bronya is looking for something lost in the depths of this Sea.
Joachim: You… you’re heading deeper into the Sea of Quanta?
Joachim: That place is dangerous. You shouldn’t get too close.
Bronya: The Bronya knows the risks, but she must press forward.
Joachim: …
Joachim: This is a rift between reality and possibility, a dimension of imaginary theories and actual existence.
Joachim: I’m standing vigil in this vast labyrinth to stop people from going deeper.
Joachim: Walk away. You can’t simply enter the Sea of Quanta.
Joachim: You must pass a test.
Bronya: The defeated Honkai beasts turned into… void shadows of themselves…
Bronya: Huff… huff…
Bronya: Did you summon those monsters?
Joachim: They’re shadows of the Sea, projections of your cognition… spawns of your memory.
Joachim: This world can manifest your innermost desires and thoughts.
Joachim: I had nothing to do with them. Know this: the shadows grow stronger as you approach the Sea.
Joachim: Real world weapons can only do so much, but you seem to wield powers capable of defeating them.
Bronya: Are you talking about Project Bunny?
Joachim: Project Bunny? A cute name, indeed.
Joachim: Its power is drawn from the Sea of Quanta, and you have yet to unlock its true potential.
Joachim: But that will be a topic for another day.
Bronya: The Quantum Shadows failed to defeat the Bronya. Is she now qualified to enter the Sea?
Joachim: …
Joachim: Your past has tempered your will and resilience far beyond that of a child your age.
Joachim: But strong individuals tend to have a vulnerable hole in their hearts.
Joachim: Your trials have just begun, Bronya…
Bronya: …!


CG plays wherein Joachim sends Bronya to another world:
Bronya: What?
Joachim: You will be sent to another world.
Joachim: A different world.
Joachim: Be careful.
Joachim: Your past losses and pain will be your worst enemy.
Joachim: Give me your answer in that world.






























Gameplay 11-2 - Phantasia:
CG plays wherein awakens and is confronted by someone highly unexpected:
Himeko: Bronya? Bronya?
Bronya: Hmm… Huh?
Himeko: Bronya!
Bronya: Ah!


Bronya: What just happened?
Bronya: What is this place?
Himeko: St. Freya High. Year 1. Class C. Wednesday morning. Session 2. English. Instructor: Himeko.
Himeko: Bronya, I’m disappointed. I didn’t expect a good girl like you to sleep in class.
Himeko: I know the finals are coming and everyone’s working hard, but do remember to sleep, girls.
Himeko: Your invigilators will definitely not wake you up during the test.
The class laughed. It sounded like what they would do when Kiana gets caught dozing off.
It was a familiar voice. Bronya hadn’t heard it for far too long.
Bronya: Himeko?!
She bowed her head down quickly, covered her mouth, and tried not to tremble.
Reason told her that she must rein her emotions in.
Himeko: …Bronya? It’s alright, sugar. Just try to stay awake in class.
Himeko was rather surprised by Bronya’s reaction. Bronya tried to calm herself.
Bronya: (It’s another world… a totally different world…)
Ding dong ding dong~
Himeko: There goes the bell.
Himeko: Time for morning combat training. Gather at the courtyard, girls.
Bronya arrived at the courtyard with the rest of her class.
Bronya: (It looks the same… this place is just like St. Freya High as I remember it…)
Bronya: (But…)
She looked at the center of the plaza. Two familiar individuals were talking to each other.
Fu Hua: All the students have assembled, Miss Himeko.
Himeko: Get into groups of three, warm up, and go for some free sparring. Try not to get injured, girls.
Bronya: …
Bronya: (Nyet… this isn’t real… the Bronya must figure out what happened…)
Fu Hua: Bronya.
Bronya: Fu Hua?
Fu Hua: Would you like to join my group?
Bronya looked around and saw that the rest of the girls had formed their own groups.
Bronya: Da. The Bronya shall join.
Himeko: I’ll tag along as well.
Bronya: Miss Himeko?
Himeko: Try to take me down, girls.
Fu Hua: Indeed… teamwork becomes more important against an unbeatable opponent.
Fu Hua: I accept your challenge. Are you with me, Bronya?
Bronya: ...The Bronya does not mind.
Himeko: Phew. An exciting battle. Good job, girls.
Himeko: You surprised me, Bronya.
Himeko: I don’t think we’ve ever sparred before, but you seem to know my every move.
Himeko: You showed some great moves. I hope to see you in a real mission.
Himeko: Time for a break. Thirsty? It’s on me, girls.
Fu Hua: Miss Himeko, you’re holding…
Himeko: Oh, well…
Fu Hua: Please refrain from drinking in class. It might affect the students.
Himeko: This won’t get me drunk.
Fu Hua: It’s against the rules.
Himeko: We’re only several minutes away from break time.
Fu Hua: It’s against the rules.
Himeko: Hnnghh…
Fu Hua: You’re teaching an afternoon class, so you can’t drink during lunch. I’ll be watching you.
Himeko collapsed onto the bench while Fu Hua gave a faint smile.
The scene felt familiar yet alien at the same time.
Bronya: …
Fu Hua: What is it, Bronya? You look a little pale.
Bronya: The Bronya is alright.
Himeko: You seem pretty tired. You did fall asleep in class.
Himeko: It’s perfectly fine to opt out. Here at St. Freya, no one will force you to do anything.
Himeko: Relax and treat this place as your home, and us your family.
Bronya: The Bronya is not tired… she still has strength…
Bronya: The Bronya wishes to continue training.
Bronya: The Bronya treasures every moment sparring with Miss Himeko…
Himeko: Bronya…
Fu Hua: And it would be a shame if Bronya was the only one sparring.
Himeko: I don’t suppose I can back out now.
Bronya: Miss Himeko, Class Monitor, the Bronya is ready…


Gameplay 11-3 - Logical Records:
Afternoon of the same day, the same classroom of St. Freya.
Bronya: …
Bronya: (It’s a little different from the real world.)
Bronya: (It is St. Freya High, but not the one the Bronya knows…)
Bronya: (Himeko and Fu Hua felt somewhat different, and the Bronya couldn’t find anyone else.)
Bronya: (Dr. Einstein said that the Sea is a confluence of parallel universes. Did the Bronya enter one of them?)
Bronya: (What exactly does Joachim’s “answer” refer to?)
Ding dong ding dong~
Bronya: (The Bronya needs to gather more intel about this world.)
Bronya: (The next class is history. The Bronya may be able to retrieve useful intel from it.)
Cocolia: Oh dear. Too many students failed to show up.
Bronya: …?!
Cocolia: Alright, girls. Get back to your seats. Prepare to get some history.
Bronya: What?!
Cocolia: We’ll start at where we left off last time and talk about the 2nd Eruption.
Cocolia: …? Bronya, why are you staring at me?
Bronya: …
Bronya: The Bronya is acutely interested in history and does not wish to miss any historical facts.
Cocolia: Indeed. The epicenter of the 2nd Eruption was where your home was.
Cocolia: How much do you know about the disaster, Bronya?
Bronya: It emerged from the Babylon Labs in Siberia and developed into the worst cataclysm known to humanity.
Bronya: The Eruption gave birth to the Herrscher of the Void, bringing unimaginable suffering to humanity.
Cocolia: Good. You’ve been reading, I can tell. But there are a few minor mistakes.
Cocolia: In fact, Schicksal mobilised quickly, minimised the casualties, and neutralised the Herrscher within 22 hours.
Cocolia: Schicksal’s quick response prevented the disaster from escalating further.
Bronya: (What?!)
Cocolia: Alright, let’s review some video footage taken from that event.
System: The 2nd Eruption started in the Schicksal Babylon Labs situated in Siberia.
System: Sirin turned into the Herrscher of the Void, capable of manipulating Imaginary Space.
System: Sirin was originally a patient in the lab being treated for Honkai infection.
System: We do not know the reasons as to why she turned into a Herrscher.
System: High ambient Honkai energy levels may be a potential cause.
System: When disaster struck, Schicksal immediately mobilised its European Branch.
System: The remaining branches were deployed within hours.
System: Concerted Schicksal efforts quickly contained the Eruption.
System: The 2nd Herrscher was neutralised 22 hours after the Eruption.
Cocolia: Two forces were instrumental in the 2nd Honkai War.
Cocolia: Mechs developed by Schicksal’s North American Branch. First deployed in the war with performance on par with the Valkyries.
Cocolia: The second would be Squad Snowwolf led by S-rank Valkyrie Cecilia Schariac.
Cocolia: While fighting the Herrscher, the Valkyries also helped evacuate many civilians from surrounding cities.
Cocolia: Their efforts helped us recover quickly from the Eruption.
Cocolia: I was one of the many people they rescued back then.
Cocolia: After the war, the Snowwolves were charged with disobedience. Schicksal never gave the orders to evacuate civilians.
Cocolia: But I happen to disagree with that.
Cocolia: The Valkyries must be given the privilege of judgment or they’ll just end up as mindless tools.
Cocolia: I trust everyone shares this belief, or you wouldn’t have signed up for this institution founded by Lady Cecilia.
As thunderous applause echoed in the classroom, Cocolia beamed with pride and delight.
Ding dong ding dong~
Cocolia: That ends our session today. Remember to study for the exam. Class dismissed.
Bronya: (This is not the same history the Bronya knows…)
Bronya: (Matushka Cocolia… a Valkyrie?)
The students were gone, leaving only Bronya and Cocolia in the classroom.
Bronya: Matush… Miss Cocolia…
Cocolia: What is it, Bronya?
Bronya: Why did Miss Cocolia become a Valkyrie?
Cocolia: I got you interested with that speech, didn’t I?
Cocolia gently patted Bronya on her head.
Cocolia: Indeed… why did I do that? I used to be confused about my choice.
Cocolia: I grew up in a Siberian orphanage. Survival was all that I could think of.
Cocolia: There were plenty of other orphans like me in the northern wastes.
Cocolia: I wanted to do something. I thought about joining the army to protect them, or building my own orphanage…
Bronya: But Miss Cocolia became a Valkyrie.
Cocolia: Hmm. Yes. There are many other ways to provide bread and shelter for these children…
Cocolia: But there are things that could only be provided by Valkyries of St. Freya.
Bronya: Things… like what?
Cocolia: Hope and freedom.
Cocolia: I learned that from Principal Cecilia during that war.
Bronya: Miss Cocolia reminds the Bronya of someone familiar… familiar but still different…
Cocolia: I know a bit about your unpleasant past, Bronya.
Cocolia: But put it all behind you, dear.
Cocolia: This is St. Freya High. You won’t have to take orders from anyone.
Cocolia: Explore the campus, make new friends, and think about your future.
Cocolia: Just follow the voice of your heart. You’re free here.
Bronya: …
Bronya did not know how to respond. There was an awkward silence. The classroom door suddenly opened.
Himeko: You busy, Cocolia?
Cocolia: What is it, Himeko?
Himeko: It’s about that mission from HQ. Looks easy enough for our students. But we must act quickly.
Cocolia: How many girls are ready for deployment? And that includes our students.
Himeko: 4, including those you just recruited.
Cocolia: We need a few more.
Himeko: Most of our instructors and senior students have already been deployed.
Himeko: But… I think there’s someone suitable here.
Himeko: She seems eager to try as well, right, Bronya?
Cocolia: Bronya?
Cocolia turned around and found Bronya watching them. She had obviously heard their conversation.
Bronya: The Bronya is confident. Include the Bronya if you need another Valkyrie in the team.
Cocolia: Alright. Welcome to Squad V of the Far East Branch, Bronya.
Cocolia: It’s an emergency and we have to set off tonight. I’ll give you the mission briefing. Go and prepare.
Bronya: Da. The Bronya shall prepare.
Cocolia nodded and left the classroom with Himeko. Bronya stood there and thought about this world.
Bronya: (“Pain and confusion of the past”... the Bronya can only think of one person…)
Bronya: (The Bronya might find what she is looking for around Cocolia.)
Bronya: …
Bronya: (This… this place is not real…)
Evening, front gate of St. Freya.
Cocolia: I’ll introduce you to the squad members, Bronya.
Cocolia: This is Miss Himeko. Fu Hua, your Class Monitor.
Fu Hua: I’m relieved to know that Bronya is our new squad member.
Cocolia: There should be one more person… is she late?
???: Sorry! I’m late…
Bronya: This voice…


CG plays wherein the other member of the squad arrives, appearing to be the one Bronya cares most about in the entire world:
Bronya: It’s… It’s you?!
Bronya: Seele!


Gameplay 11-4 - Secret Operation:
Seele: I’m really sorry, Miss Cocolia… I shouldn’t be late…
Cocolia: But you are late. What happened?
Seele: Preparing for the mission took longer than I thought. Don’t worry. It’s done.
Cocolia: It’s alright. This is Bronya, our new squad member. She’s a little older than you.
Seele: Bronya?
Seele studied Bronya with great curiosity.
Her ocean-azure eyes were just how Bronya remembered them to be.
Bronya: …
Cocolia: Bronya, this is Seele. She’s a little shy at times, but still a good girl. You’ll be good friends.
Seele: Hi Bronya. I’m Seele.
Bronya: Hello… Seele…
Cocolia: Our transport will be here in a few minutes. Get ready.
Bronya: …
Bronya: (What do you expect, Bronya?)
Bronya: (Matushka became a Valkyrie. There is no orphanage, no X-10 project.)
Bronya: (Seele would be a normal girl in this world…)
Bronya: (The Bronya should have guessed…)
Cocolia: Ready? Then let’s get going.
Fu Hua: We’ve arrived. Let’s go over the mission again.
Fu Hua: A convoy from HQ was ambushed 3 days ago. We suffered zero casualties, but lost something valuable.
Fu Hua: This attack may be orchestrated by the secret organisation known as Anti-Entropy…
Himeko: Anti-Entropy. Pfft. An anti-Schicksal group led by a Schicksal traitor.
Fu Hua: They’re careful, but we’ve picked up their tracks.
Fu Hua: Our intel says that the missing asset is being kept somewhere nearby by an intel dealer codenamed Argent Fox.
Himeko: Argent Fox? Is that an Anti-Entropist?
Cocolia: Not likely. More like a local gangster boss, but commanding powers far beyond that.
Seele: Maybe not. I think Argent Fox took the asset to sell it to Anti-Entropy for a good price.
Cocolia: Well, time to meet this sly creature.
Cocolia: Himeko, Fu Hua, and I will be paying the Fox a visit.
Cocolia: Bronya and Seele, you’re responsible for mapping out the area and locating the lost supplies.
Cocolia: Stay low. We’ll meet you when we’re ready.
Seele: Understood. Any suggestions, Bronya?
Bronya: The Argent Fox’s lair is well-protected by patrolling mechs.
Bronya: The Bronya shall hack one of them to deduce patrolling routes and locate the stolen goods.
Seele: Sounds great. We’ll need to find a suitable target.
Seele: I… I think we can go to the plaza in the north. There are less mechs there, so it’ll be easier for us to find an isolated one.
Bronya: Da. Let’s do this.
Bronya: (She’s more independent and mature than the Seele in the Bronya’s memory.)
Bronya: (Perhaps this is what Seele would be if she had survived the test…)
Bronya: …
Bronya: (Seele…)
Seele: There are far fewer mechs here.
Bronya: We must proceed slowly and pick a suitable target.
Seele: Bronya, that white mech seems isolated from the rest.
Bronya: Da. We will hack it once it turns around.
Bronya: Patrol routes indicate that the north and west are heavily guarded.
Bronya: In the west is the downtown area, which quiets down after midnight and makes for an unexpected but good hiding spot.
Bronya: Argent Fox’s turf is in the north. It’s heavily defended and Argent Fox is frequently spotted there.
Bronya: Time is of the essence. We need to split our forces.
Seele: No. Not these two places. The Fox probably hid the things here.
Bronya: Here? A poorly guarded and dilapidated warehouse? Why is Seele so sure?
Seele: …
Bronya: Seele?
Seele: It’s the patrol routes.
Seele: Not many mechs are here, but one is always around to monitor things. Looks odd to me.
Bronya: Da. It does feel odd to the Bronya. It seems very deliberate.
Bronya: Seele has been highly observant… and seems to know the city inside out.
Seele: Nyet, nyet! I just saw it in the mission briefing.
Bronya: …?
Bronya: (The Bronya does not remember reading about this in the mission briefing…)
Bronya: (Seele is acting too defensively…)
Clank… clank…
Cocolia: Bronya, we took down the Fox.
Bronya: The Fox is killed?
Cocolia: Nah, it’s just a tranquilizer. One more body is one more trouble.
Cocolia: I’ve acquired the Fox’s special access “key”. How are you girls doing?
Bronya: Seele found a suspicious location, and now the Bronya is sharing the coordinates.
Cocolia: Got it. We’ll rendezvous at that position.
Seele: We’ve arrived, but our instructors aren’t here yet.
Bronya: We should neutralise the defenders first.


Gameplay 11-5 - Lost Assets:
Cocolia: This abandoned warehouse is the Fox’s hiding place?
Fu Hua: …Found it. A biometric sensor. It’s hidden in the side wall.
Fu Hua: Good. The warehouse matches the intel on one of Argent Fox’s hideouts.
Cocolia: Good job, Seele and Bronya. Your guess was right.
Cocolia: Use the “key” to open the warehouse. Let’s see what they stole from us.
Young Boy: …!
Young Boy: Who are you?
Bronya: Joachim?!
Himeko: What?! A kid in the warehouse? But this is where the Fox hid the stolen goods.
Seele: Perhaps this boy *is* the stolen goods.
Cocolia: …What are you saying?
Young Boy: What are you going to do to me?
Young Boy: Don’t! Don’t come any closer!
Fu Hua: Careful. I’m detecting Honkai energy emissions from him.
Fu Hua: …He’s creating physical weapons out of thin air with energy alone.
Young Boy: Huff… huff…
Young Boy: Don’t… come any… closer…
The exhausted boy collapsed and lost his consciousness. The mechs he created disappeared as well.
Fu Hua: ...He passed out. Using those powers must have been extremely taxing for his body.
Fu Hua: ...There are many scars on this boy. Some are fresh and some are aged. He’s been abused for a long time.
Cocolia: Mechs materialising out of thin air and disappearing afterwards… I’ve read about this.
Cocolia: A file back at HQ mentioned manifesting physical items using Honkai energy.
Cocolia: This is the power of the 1st Herrscher, the Herrscher of Reason.
Fu Hua: But that Herrscher was defeated in 1955. How did its power end up in this boy?
Himeko: This is somewhat unexpected. Should we get in touch with HQ?
Bronya: Nyet. Don’t do that.
Bronya: It was perplexing at first, but Seele’s words have enlightened the Bronya.
Bronya: A human boy with the powers of the Herrscher of Reason must be valuable to Schicksal.
Bronya: Schicksal would treat him as a valuable asset.
Himeko: What do you mean?
Cocolia: I agree with Bronya. This boy must be the missing “asset” we were supposed to retrieve.
Cocolia: He had been kept in a Schicksal lab, until Argent Fox brought him out…
Cocolia: The scars on his body…
Beeep… beep…
Bronya: Unidentified units approaching. Potentially hostile.
Fu Hua: Must be Anti-Entropists. They must have found the Argent Fox.
Seele: We must leave with the boy.
Himeko: We’re facing a large number of hostiles. Carrying the boy will slow us down.
Cocolia: We’ll split our forces. Bronya and Seele will leave first with the boy and wait for us at the evac point.
Bronya: But…
Himeko: You’ve done enough. Leave this to us.
Fu Hua: Trust us. You girls will take the boy away from this place.
Bronya: …The Bronya understands. The Bronya shall wait at the evac point.












Gameplay 11-6 - In Freedom’s Name:
Seele: The patrolling mechs are after me!
Bronya: Watch out, Seele.
Bronya: Seele, over here.
Bronya: (Enemy units have been distracted by Miss Himeko and Fu Hua…)
Bronya: (The Bronya will now rendezvous with the team at the evac point and transfer Joachim…)
Seele: Bronya!
Bronya: What is it, Seele?
Seele: We can’t… we can’t go to the evac point.
Bronya: What?
Seele: We must take the boy away. We can’t leave him to the others.
Bronya: Seele may be right, but who should we take the boy to?
Seele: I don’t know, but please trust me, Bronya…
Bronya: Seele… The Bronya thinks there is something wrong about you…
Seele: …
Seele: Nyet, Bronya… give him to me.
Seele: If you continue like this, we will end up where we started, again and again…
Bronya: Seele?
Seele (?): …Give him to me!
Bronya: A Quantum Shadow? How? Seele?
Seele: How… how did you defeat them?
A frightened Seele sat on the ground and tried to inch away.
Seele: It’s impossible… No one in this world can defeat them…
Seele: …?
Her eyes widened as though she suddenly realised something.
Bronya also lowered her weapons and approached Seele slowly.
Bronya: The Bronya felt something was amiss at the start of the mission.
Bronya: Seele seems to know every solution for when everyone was stuck…
Bronya: The Bronya confirmed her suspicions when Seele summoned the Quantum Shadow.
Bronya: Seele… you’re like the Bronya… you don’t belong “here”...
Seele: Bronya…
Seele: Hick… hick…
Seele: Is it you, Bronya?
Bronya: …Da.
Seele: Is it… really you?
Bronya: Seele… the Bronya is here.
Bronya: The Bronya… has finally found Seele…
Seele: Bronya…
Bronya held Seele tightly around her arms and felt hot tears dripping on her back.
She dreamed about this reunion many times.
Bronya couldn’t remember how many times exactly. She had forgotten about many things.
But there were exceptions.
She remembered the crying girl, the warmth of her tears, and the embrace they shared.
Most importantly, she remembered the promise they made.
Bronya never forgot about that.
Her eyes suddenly felt sore and uncomfortable.
It was a long lost feeling she had never experienced after being deprived of her emotions due to X-10.
Warm tears slowly rolled out of her eyes…
Bronya: But… why is Seele here? What… happened?
Seele: …
Seele: I don’t know… I remember a cold, dark, and empty room with a tightly shut door.
Seele: I was trapped there for god knows how long.
Seele: Then the door suddenly opened and light poured in.
Seele: I always wanted to escape and find you, Bronya… so I ran off into the light.
Seele: I can’t remember the rest… I woke up in this world when I regained awareness.
Bronya: (The light?)
Bronya: It’s alright, Seele.
Bronya: The Bronya has found you. We shall leave this place.
Seele: But I can’t find a way out…
Seele: Bronya… we can’t let them have the boy.
Bronya: Why?
Seele: This world is an endless cycle. I’ve experienced it many, many times before you appeared.
Seele: At first we kept failing our missions. I would pass out and wake up again in class a few days ago.
Seele: Then everything would begin as usual.
Bronya: This is the reason why Seele knew what was going to happen.
Seele: After many tries, I’ve avoided all the mistakes, rescued the boy, and completed the mission.
Seele: But a new cycle began anyway…
Seele: Why? Did something happen?
Seele cradled her head and began trembling.
A hand gently held her.
Seele: ...Huh?
Bronya: Don’t be afraid, Seele. You’ve told the Bronya some very important things.
Bronya: The Bronya knows what to do now.
Bronya: Believe in the Bronya.
Seele: …
Seele: …Da.
Cocolia: I think everyone made it.
Cocolia: We’ll just turn the boy over to HQ and call it a day.
Cocolia: Good job, girls. Bronya and Seele, you were instrumental to our success…
Bronya: Wait, Miss Cocolia…
Bronya: The boy must not be turned over to HQ.
Cocolia: …Why?
Bronya: …
Bronya silently unbuttoned Joachim’s shirt to expose his terrible scars.
Bronya: Cauterisation marks, burns, and surgical scars… proof of inhuman testing at Schicksal HQ.
Bronya: We’re returning him to hell.
Fu Hua: You may be right, Bronya, but there will be consequences.
Fu Hua: He has Herrscher powers. He can’t control them.
Fu Hua: We don’t know if he would become a decent human being or end up as a murderous Herrscher.
Bronya: The boy will become a Herscher if returned to the lab.
Bronya: The Bronya and Seele hope that the boy can be brought to St. Freya.
Bronya: He may become a hero or a Herrscher. But he will be free to decide his own destiny.
Bronya: We can only teach him to think about right and wrong and about himself.
Bronya: We will teach the boy hope and about the future.
Bronya: The boy must be given these natural privileges as a human individual.
Bronya: …That is what St. Freya has taught the Bronya.
Cocolia: …
Cocolia: Well spoken. I agree with you.
Seele: (Wha…)
Seele: (There was no… reset…)
Himeko: Bronya just passed your little test, Cocolia.
Bronya: You… you wanted to bring the boy back to St. Freya all along?
Cocolia: Of course. We’re Valkyries. Valkyries of St. Freya.
Cocolia: Alright. Bring him over here.
Himeko: Fine words, Bronya.
Bronya: Miss Himeko is too kind. The Bronya only repeated what you’ve taught us.
Himeko: And you’re too polite, Bronya. Haha.
Bronya: …
Bronya: It’s not politeness.
Bronya: The Bronya is truly grateful for what Miss Himeko has done.
Bronya: Miss Himeko took good care of the Bronya… the Bronya must say this…
Bronya: Miss Himeko is an extraordinary teacher… the best the Bronya has ever met…
Bronya: Spasibo… thank you for what you did for all of us…
Himeko: …Bronya?
Himeko: Why are you going all-out sentimental? You’re making me blush.
Himeko: Alright girls. We’ll head back and party like it’s 1999.
Bronya: …Da.
Fu Hua: …
Bronya: (The Bronya must confirm one more thing.)
Bronya: Fu Hua, the Bronya has a question for you.
Fu Hua: What is it, Bronya?
Bronya: The Bronya wants to know how Fu Hua thinks of the boy.
Fu Hua: I sympathise with him. I’m ashamed of what HQ has done to him.
Bronya: …
Bronya: And what does the Shadow Knight think of this?
Fu Hua: …?!
Bronya: Overseer Otto made sure that the Bronya enrolled in St. Freya.
Fu Hua: …I knew you weren't just a student.
Fu Hua: I don’t know anything about the boy, but I won’t stop you either.
Fu Hua: We must bear the responsibilities of what we’ve done today.
Fu Hua: We must guide the boy and make sure he doesn’t end up as a murderous Herrscher.
Fu Hua: If we fail, someone must step in to perform our “duties”.
Bronya: The Bronya understands. Spasibo, Fu Hua.
Cocolia: Mission failed. We located the Argent Fox, but Anti-Entropy got ahead of us and transferred the stolen assets.
Cocolia: Squad V tried to track them down but all leads were lost.
Cocolia: I will bear full responsibility as the leader of this mission.
Cocolia: St. Freya will be admitting a transfer student, but I don’t think HQ needs to know this.
Cocolia: What do you think, Bronya?
Bronya: The Bronya has no comments.
Cocolia: We were right to bring you along.
Cocolia: I believe in you, Bronya. You will soon become an excellent Valkyrie.
Bronya: …
Bronya: Spasibo, Miss Cocolia…






CG plays wherein Bronya is sent back to the space she was in before entering that world, with a mysterious book within the hand of Project Bunny 19C:
Cocolia: We’ll take him to the shuttle.
Cocolia: From this day on, this boy is free.
Bronya: Huh?
Bronya: Have we… returned?


Young Boy: What? Where… where am I?
Cocolia: St. Freya High is your new home.
Young Boy: Home? What does that mean?
Cocolia: You’ll find out soon enough.
Young Boy: The doctors! I must get my injections on time or they’ll be angry with me…
Cocolia: You’ll never see them again, child.
Cocolia: Right… I believe I haven’t asked you for your name.
Young Boy: …W317.
Cocolia: That’s not a name.
Cocolia: A name is who you are… who you want to be called.
The boy bowed his head as he tried to figure that out.
Young Boy: Does that mean I can have my own name?
Cocolia: Of course. You’re free to choose any name.
Young Boy: …
Young Boy: Welt…
Young Boy: My name… is Welt...


































Act 2 - Tundra Cabin:
Gameplay 11-7 - Superposed Images:
Bronya: What is this book?
Joachim: Welcome back. You have solved world 1.
Joachim: I think you know who I am. I’ll introduce myself again.
Joachim: I am a shadow of Welt Yang, the 1st Herrscher. He left me here to watch over this place.
Joachim spoke with a calm voice, but Bronya sensed sorrow in his words.
Bronya: Welt dove into the Sea of Quanta one year ago but never returned. What happened afterwards?
Joachim: Press forward to reveal the answers you seek.
Joachim: I sense conflict within your heart.
Joachim: The one named Cocolia… she has caused you much pain.
Bronya: …Don’t worry. The Bronya is not affected.
Bronya: But the Bronya has a question.
Joachim: A question about that girl, Seele. Indeed.
Joachim: I don’t know her. I can’t acquire any trace of her passing.
Joachim: Perhaps the real her is still drifting in the Sea, and occasionally, a fraction of herself is projected and superposed here.
Joachim: She has a strange power that allows her to drift through the Sea of Quanta.
Joachim: She seemed unable to control her powers.
Joachim: You might see her in other worlds.
Joachim: This book serves as the link between you and Seele. It will be your guide.
Bronya: The Bronya understands.
Bronya held the diary close to her. A gentle blue light washed over her cheeks.
Bronya: Wait for me, Seele… the Bronya will be there for you…
Bronya: It’s warm here.
Joachim: You have unlocked world 1. The labyrinth has changed.
Joachim: World 2 is resonating with you, Bronya. Time to answer its calling now.
Bronya: (Seele… will you appear in this world?)


Gameplay 11-8 - Cabin in the Snow:
???: Karel, my child…
???: Take care of Michelle. If she wants your candy, just give her half. And look after Tania too. She can’t walk yet.
Bronya heard a man speaking in the darkness.
She tried to see, but her eyelids remained shut determinedly to protect her eyes from the knifing wind.
There was something more painful than the screeching winds.
???: My dear… you have gone before us, to pave the way for your friends.
Bronya regained her vision. She tried to open her eyes, but closed them quickly.
She couldn’t stop her tears. She saw it, even for the briefest of moments.
Sunlight. Dazzling and blinding. Only the sun reflecting off the snow could be that blinding.
Bronya tried to open her eyes again.
A tall priest in a black habit and long blond hair was giving a sermon for someone who had died.
There was crying. Several familiar figures stood around a tombstone with their heads bowed.
The Priest: Children… if you ask me why some people had to leave early…
The Priest: ...It is the trial of death. There will be n more sorrow, wailing, pain, or terror… it is now… history.
Bronya: (That man… Overseer Otto?)
Bronya: (Principal Theresa and Joachim… in world 2…)
Bronya: (Seele… will Seele be here?)
Someone took Bronya’s hand gently. She turned around and saw Seele standing near her.
Seele: …
Bronya’s racing heart calmed and she gave Seele’s hand a gentle squeeze.
The Priest: Let us return, children. Unless you wish to speak to our friends.
Theresa: Karel, here’s your favorite toy car.
Theresa: Joachim and I used crayon to cover the parts where the pain fell off. It’s not perfect, but…
Theresa placed the wooden car on the tombstone. The children said their parting words and left.
Seele: The priest and children are heading towards the hill.
Bronya: We should follow them.
Bronya trailed behind them with Seele.
Bronya: It’s a funeral for a child.
Bronya: No flowers. No photographs. Only a priest and several children.
Bronya: The Bronya… we… we’ve seen this before…
Seele: …They’re orphans in an orphanage like us.
Seele: Bronya, look. A wooden cabin! That must be their home!
The children walked through the door one by one.
The priest spoke to them. He and the children seemed close.
Seele: That priest is in charge of the orphanage.
Bronya: The Bronya never expected to meet Overseer Otto…
Seele: Do you know him, Bronya?
Bronya: He is an evil, dangerous man… but he might be different in this world.
Bronya: Matushka Cocolia was completely different in the previous world…
Bronya: Joachim must have the key to rectify this world. The Bronya must approach him.
Bronya and Seele entered the building but failed to find the priest.
The children sat around a worn table in silence.
Theresa: Everyone’s hungry, right? Guess what I’ve made for lunch?
No one answered Theresa. She looked a little sad seeing their gloomy faces.
Seele: …Borscht?
Theresa: No, Seele. That’s for Tuesday. Wednesday is for potatoes and roast beef!
Theresa tried to sound excited, but it failed to achieve the desired effects.
Theresa: Bronya, do you think there are potatoes or beef in this pot?
Bronya: Potatoes?
Theresa: Wrong, Bronya! Your punishment is double beef to make you taller!
Joachim: Theresa…
Theresa: What is it, Joachim?
Joachim: I know you want us to be happy… but you shouldn’t force yourself.
Joachim: Karel’s gone. We need time. You need time as well.
Theresa set aside her ladle and bowed her head.
Theresa: Joachim, would you not… reconsider?
Joachim: I’ve already decided, Theresa.
Theresa: …Then let’s eat.
The Priest: Hmm? Everyone’s having lunch?
Theresa: Father? You just changed your outfit. Heading to town?
The Priest: Winter is coming. I need to stock up on more groceries.
The Priest: Theresa, do you want more bitter melon biscuits?
Theresa: Of course I do! I love crispy hot bitter melon biscuits. Thank you, Father!
The Priest: I’ll buy a few. Everyone can have a piece or two.
Joachim: Father… we can’t share the bitter melon biscuits. Theresa always ends up eating all of them.
The Priest: Oh yes, Joachim… Madam Lieserl will pick you up tomorrow. Are you packed and ready?
Joachim: …Not yet.
The Priest: Then go. Say goodbye to your friends. Make this day count.
The Priest: I’m heading out. Please take care of the house, Theresa.
Theresa: Be careful out there, Father!
Theresa served the children and picked up the toys.
Bronya: Does Theresa require assistance?
Theresa: Hmmm… five hampers of laundry, a large pile of bills to check, and a leaking roof at the north end to fix…
Theresa: We’re also running low on firewood. Can you help us get some from the hill slope?
Theresa: It will get cold really soon. We must be ready.
Theresa: The boys should be taking care of this because they’re stronger.
Theresa: But we lost Karel and Joachim is leaving the orphanage…
What little liveliness left in the place was gone. Bronya did not know what to say.
Seele: It’s alright. I’ll help Bronya to gather some firewood.
Theresa: Thank you so much. Get back before sunset!
Theresa: I… I probably need some time alone myself…
Bronya: A Quantum Shadow hovering in the skies.
Bronya: The people in the bubble universe can’t see them.
Seele: Strange… this world seems unstable.
Seele: It’s just like a blurry dream…
Bronya: This is odd.
Bronya: We have covered a long distance since we left the orphanage, but no hostile encounter emerged.
Bronya: The snowy plains are devoid of Honkai beasts or even predatory animals…
Bronya: …
Bronya: (This feels wrong. There seems to be something in the air…)
Seele: Bronya, there’s a little bush up ahead.
Bronya: Do not push yourself too hard, Seele. The Bronya can do this.
The sight of Seele trying to use an axe was painful to Bronya.
Seele: It’s alright. I can maintain my form in these worlds.
Seele: I want to share your burden.
Seele swung the axe to hack branches and twigs from a tree.
Seele: This place feels like the orphanage we grew up in.
Seele: Those children reminded me of us when we were little girls.
Seele: The days were tough, but we worked hard together. We were happy.
Seele: We lost our family, but the orphanage gave us a new one.
She gathered and stacked the twigs and branches.
Seele: But… the children seem disconnected from each other. Joachim is also leaving this place.
Bronya: The priest said that Joachim will be adopted soon.
Seele: Being adopted is great news for an orphan, but I think he’s behaving strangely.
Bronya: They must be hiding something. We must ask Theresa.
Bronya: Enough firewood has been gathered. Time to head back.
Seele: Da, Bronya.
Seele: …
Seele: …






Gameplay 11-9 - Painful Past:
Bronya: Theresa, we have returned.
Theresa: Thank you, girls. We totally needed your help!
Theresa easily carried all the wood that Bronya and Seele struggled to drag back to the orphanage.
She skillfully divided them by size and added some to the fireplace.
Theresa: Life is hard, but we can make it because Father and everyone are here.
Bronya: When did you arrive, Theresa?
Theresa: I don’t know who my parents are. Riding on Father’s back was the first thing I knew.
Theresa: I was in a warm bundle strapped to his back while he gathered firewood. It was snowing but warm.
Theresa: When I grew up, I learned that he built this orphanage.
Theresa: I’m not the first one here, but I’ve stayed the longest. I like it here. I will never leave.
Bronya: What about Joachim?
Theresa: Why are you asking about him?
Bronya: Theresa and Joachim seemed to be arguing during lunch.
Bronya: And Joachim is leaving tomorrow. The Bronya wants to learn more.
Theresa: I shouldn’t keep this from you…
Theresa: Joachim has nothing against me… but Father…
Seele: What happened between him and Father?
Theresa: …
Theresa: Father Otto killed Joachim’s Dad.
Bronya: Why? How?
Theresa: Joachim’s Dad was a doctor, and he tried to bring Joachim’s deceased mother back to life.
Theresa: He dabbled in the forbidden arts…
Theresa: The doctor first tested on mice… then he moved onto cats and dogs…
Theresa: By the time Father found him, the doctor was testing on homeless orphans…
Seele: That’s… evil…
Theresa: Father Otto had to end that.
Theresa: …But it made Joachim an orphan.
Bronya: Understood. Joachim hates the priest.
Theresa: If that were the case, I think they would work it out eventually.
Theresa: Joachim knew his Dad’s crimes. He tried to stop him but failed.
Theresa: No. Joachim doesn’t hate Father Otto.
Theresa: He came to the orphanage and took care of us like a good elder brother. He protected us.
Theresa: For a while, I thought he had put his past behind…
Bronya: Please continue.
Theresa: Joachim’s really smart and handy with the tools. He did everything wonderfully.
Theresa: Father decided to hand the orphanage to him.
Theresa: But that decision changed Joachim. He became… sullen…
Theresa: That’s when I knew he had never forgotten about what happened.
Seele: Perhaps he didn’t want the orphanage. He probably wants a life of his own.
Theresa: If that were the case, Joachim would have said it out loud. But he didn’t.
Theresa: …He’s afraid.
Seele: Afraid of what?
Theresa: Afraid that he must make Father’s decision when the time comes.
Theresa: Afraid that he might have to make another child an orphan.
Theresa: He could never forget about that.
Theresa: Soon, Madam Lieserl from the neighboring town offered to adopt Joachim…
Theresa: …And he agreed.
Bronya: Joachim is trying to run away.
Theresa: Leaving this place allows him to start life anew.
Bronya: But Joachim will never get over it.
Theresa: We all can tell what’s right and what’s wrong, but it’s always easier said than done.
Theresa: I don’t think any one of us knows how to leave it all behind.
Bronya: …
Theresa: I just don’t want to see Joachim so dark and gloomy. He wasn’t like that.
Theresa: I want to help him. He’s family to all of us.
Theresa: …Oh dear, it’s late. Father should be back already.
Theresa: That’s odd. I’ll look outside.
Bronya: Unable to locate the priest.
Theresa: We should split up. I’ll look on the other side of the hill.
Theresa: Please help search this side!
Bronya: This is the end of the road. The priest clearly wasn’t here. We should return.
Bronya thought about what Theresa said as she trudged through the snow.
The sun shone on the pristine snow, reminiscent of that day seven years ago when she met her Matushka for the first time.
It was a painful memory… a chain that shackled her…
Bronya: …
Bronya: (The Bronya also has things that she can’t simply put behind her…)
Seele: Bronya, are you alright? You seem to be troubled…
Bronya: Seele… the Bronya…
Bronya could not find an answer to her question. Seele gently held her hand.
Seele: Would this make you feel better?
Seele: You used to hold my hand like this when I was scared.
Seele: The warmth of your hands comforted me.
Bronya: Seele…
Seele: Stop thinking about the past if it only brings pain.
Seele: I will be here for you, just as you had been there for me in the past.
Bronya: …
Bronya: Spasibo. The Bronya is fine.
Bronya: The Bronya has decided to face the problem directly.
Bronya: We shall meet Theresa.
Bronya turned and started heading back. Seele’s smile slowly faded.
Seele: …
Seele: …
???: Good job, Seele…
???: We’re even closer to our objective…
Seele: Was that… the right thing to do?
???: It’s alright, Seele…
???: We’re doing this to get back to the real world with Bronya…
Seele: …
Seele: I understand…
Bronya: We split up at that location. Theresa should be on the other side of this hill.
Theresa: Father! Father!
Seele: It’s Theresa. What’s happening?
Bronya: We must head over there quickly.


CG plays wherein Theresa attempts to wake Father Otto, lying unconscious on her lap with what appears to be Honkai corruption marks on his face:
Theresa: Wake up… please wake up…
Theresa: Father… please… wake up…


Seele: The priest has fallen! What happened?!
Bronya: …The priest has passed out. We must carry them back to the orphanage.
Bronya: Seele, stay and help Theresa. The Bronya shall ask the older children to help.
Bronya: Honkai beasts… they appeared without warning.
Bronya: Hostiles are too close to the orphanage.
Honkai Beast: …!!
Bronya: (More Honkai beasts appeared. Something is happening…)
Bronya: (Alert! Seele and Theresa will be in danger…)
Honkai Beast: …!
Bronya: …Hmm?
The Honkai beasts have stopped.
The beasts turned around and marched off into the depths of the snow as though controlled by something.
Bronya: What happened?
Bronya held her breath. Something strange was happening.
And then she saw it…
Bronya: The Bronya… knows you…
Bronya: Fenghuang Down, the 8th Divine Key…
Fenghuang Down: Bronya.
Bronya: …You know the Bronya’s name?
Fenghuang Down: You were touched by a feather. I can see you… and know you.
Fenghuang Down: I’m surprised. You don’t belong here.
Fenghuang Down: You’re present in everyone’s memories, but you’re not from here.
Bronya: …
Fenghuang Down: I’m one of the three thousand feathers of Fenghuang Down… awakened by the priest’s will to protect.
Bronya: You were the one who kept the Honkai beasts away from the orphanage?
Bronya: Why would the priest own a feather of Fenghuang Down?
Fenghuang Down: The owner of Fenghuang Down was indebted to him. This feather was left in his heart.
Fenghuang Down: He brought this feather to this place. I agreed to protect these snowy plains.
Fenghuang Down: His life is ending… and my powers shall fade when he gives up his soul.
Bronya: The priest is dying…
Fenghuang Down: There is unfinished business. A deep, yawning gap in his heart that shackles him.
Fenghuang Down: He wants someone… someone he approves of… to inherit my power.
Fenghuang Down: But there is an insurmountable barrier between the two.
Bronya: It’s Joachim… the priest didn’t want him to leave.
Bronya: The rift between them will never be resolved if Joachim walks away.
Fenghuang Down: …
Fenghuang Down: It’s not just the rift between them. Your heart bears a similar gap as well.
Bronya: …What does that mean?
Fenghuang Down: Bronya… you came looking for answers.
Fenghuang Down: You’re not doing it for others. You’re doing it for yourself.
Fenghuang Down: That is why you dove into the Sea of Quanta.
Bronya: …
Fenghuang Down: Press forward to reveal the answers you seek.
Fenghuang Down: You will walk out of your past and find your way.
The familiar figure disappeared into the light, leaving an echo of her passing.
The feathers she left disappeared silently into the snow.


Gameplay 11-10 - A Long Night:
Theresa: Father? You’re awake!
The Priest: Theresa… I… what happened?
The Priest: I’m sorry you had to see this. This is your favorite bitter melon biscuit. Sorry… it’s not hot anymore.
Theresa: It doesn’t matter, Father. Why did you collapse in the snow?
Theresa: What are those wounds?
The Priest: A minor discomfort… this ailment shall pass with a night’s sleep.
Bronya: …
Seele: What is it, Bronya? You seem… worried…
Bronya: The Bronya is alright.
THUD.
The door opened. Joachim looked extremely anxious.
Joachim: Father…
He returned to his usual expression once he saw that Father Otto was fine.
Joachim: I’m glad you’re alright.
The Priest: Have you packed your things, Joachim?
Joachim: Yes, I did.
Joachim stood by the bed with his head bowed. Otto tried to pat him, but he flinched away.
The priest took back his hand and started to hold the crucifix on his chest.
The Priest: You leave tomorrow morning, so you should get some rest.
The Priest: Please… help me take care of this cross.
He gave the cross to Joachim, but Joachim did not accept it.
The Priest: …I went to the market to look for a gift for you. But I felt this cross was the most fitting.
The Priest: It averted calamities for me. I hope it can give you God’s blessings.
Joachim: I don’t need it…
Theresa: Please take it, Joachim.
Joachim: I’m sorry… I can’t…
Joachim: God’s blessings… will God bless those who kill in the name of goodness?
Theresa: What are you saying, Joachim? Father gave you the cross because he wants you to…
The Priest: It’s alright, Theresa.
Theresa: You never understood what Father wanted…
Joachim: …
Joachim: You’re the one who doesn’t know anything!
The Priest: Wait! Joachim!
To everyone’s surprise, Joachim ran out of the room. The Father tried to follow, but he collapsed onto the floor.
Theresa: The sun is setting! He’ll be in danger!
Bronya: Theresa, take care of the priest. The Bronya shall return with Joachim.
Bronya: …The tundra has changed.
Bronya: Bubble universe composition has been altered.
Bronya: Did Joachim do this?
Bronya: Joachim, please tell the others what you think. Everyone is worried about you.
Joachim: You never cared about me… you only care about Father Otto!
Joachim: I don’t want to think about this… just… just leave me alone!
Honkai Beast: …!!
Joachim: …!
Bronya: Honkai beast detected.
Joachim: Get… get away from me!
Bronya: Stand up, Joachim…


CG plays wherein Father Otto, wounded as he is, comes to the rescue and defeats the Honkai beast threatening to attack Joachim:
Joachim: H-Help!
Joachim: …Father?!


The Priest: Good… you’re alright.
The Priest: Ha… it wasn’t easy to divert Theresa and make an escape…
As the priest stumbled and fell, Bronya darted forward to hold him and found him unconscious.
Though the priest was tall and well-built, he was extremely weak. Lifting him was difficult.
Bronya: The priest passed out…
Bronya: Please help the Bronya hold him, Joachim… After all, he just saved your life.
Joachim: …
Joachim could only tremble. The sight of this angered Bronya.
She picked up the cross on the ground and threw it at Joachim.
Bronya: What is Joachim running from?
Bronya: His past? With the priest and his friends in the orphanage?
Bronya: Nyet. Joachim is running away from himself because Joachim is afraid.
Joachim: …
Joachim: I don’t know…
Joachim: What should I do to make this right?
Bronya: …
Bronya: The world is not a dichotomy of right and wrong…
Bronya: Right and wrong applies only to a few things, but not people. Good people take responsibility for their actions.
Bronya: The Bronya knows how difficult it is… The Bronya had a similar experience to Joachim…
Bronya: If Joachim is afraid, he should describe the cause of his fear.
Bronya: Tell the people that Joachim cares about, and that care for Joachim.
Bronya: The orphanage is Joachim’s family… do not do things you might regret in the future.
Joachim: …
The rest of the children came running.
Together, they carried the unconscious priest back to the orphanage.
The next morning, Bronya and Seele were woken up by Theresa who knocked on their door.
All three of them went to Joachim’s room but found that he was gone…
The boy left without telling anyone.
Theresa: He’s gone…
Bronya: …
Seele: …
Theresa: Father has something to say to us.
Bronya and Seele glanced at each other and followed Theresa to a room in the heart of the orphanage.
The frail priest tried to turn around. Crimson wounds ran through his body, threatening to split him apart.
The Priest: Theresa… my cross… I think I left it out there in the snow.
Theresa: Rest well, Father. I’ll find it for you.
Theresa: I’ll send you to the hospital next week… no, tomorrow! You’ll get better…
The Priest: I’m alright… Joachim left, didn’t he?
The children were silent. The answer was obvious.
The Priest: He did…
The Priest: I understand how he feels. I was the one who orphaned him.
Theresa: Father, you did the right thing.
The Priest: Right and wrong doesn’t answer every question in this world.
The Priest: I kept asking myself if I could have done something else to save Joachim’s father…
The Priest: But no matter how I thought about it, the truth was that I chose to kill him on that day…
The Priest: His father whom I condemned to death… I saw myself in him…
Theresa: Father…
Theresa parted her lips, but her voice failed her.
The Priest: I dabbled in the dark, forbidden arts… and hurt… no… I killed many innocent people.
The Priest: The Paladin saved me. She liberated me from the dark abyss.
The Priest: We ran away together… and buried the Origin of Sin in a secret place…
The Priest: But it took its toll on us… the Paladin… she died after only 2 years…
The Priest: I asked her whether she regretted anything when she drew her final breaths…
The Priest: Listen, children. These were her final words.
The Priest: “There are three steps in our lives.”
The Priest: “The first step teaches us how to tell the right from the wrong.”
The Priest: “The second step teaches us that there isn’t just the right and wrong.”
The Priest: “The third step teaches us to do what we believe is right and to take responsibility for the outcomes.”
The priest’s eyes sparkled. He spoke calmly, but the words trembled with emotion.
He must have remembered something that even time itself failed to erase.
The Priest: I laid her to rest in a foreign land… and came here to build this orphanage.
The Priest: I understand how Joachim felt… I know what it means to be lost and confused.
The Priest: I must… respect his choice.
Theresa: Father…
The Priest: I’m sorry, children. There is no turning back for me.
The Priest: I have committed sins beyond counting… I can only seek atonement…
The Priest: I’m happy that you’re here. You are the proof that I can still create warm and happy memories.
Theresa: Father… you’ll be alright…
Bronya: …
Bronya: Joachim… he should be here to hear this…
Creak…
The Priest: …Joachim?
Joachim: …
Joachim: Father, I found the cross you lost last night.
Joachim: You wanted to give it to me.
Joachim clutched the cross like a child holding fast to a well-loved treasure.
Joachim: I’m lost, Father. I don’t know what to do.
Joachim: But there’s something that I must say…
Joachim: I’m willing… let me follow your path, inherit the orphanage, and uphold your duties.
Joachim: Please treat me like your family… don’t let me go astray.
Joachim knelt by the bed and cried. Theresa gently embraced him without a word.
The Priest: I trust you, Joachim. You will forge your own path.
The priest held the pendant tightly. His eyes sparkled bright with the final embers of his life.
The Priest: I fought brilliant battles… I marched in the name of the righteous…
The Priest: I upheld… the Path of the Paladin… I’ve stayed true… for you…
A teardrop fell on the wooden floor. Gentle light washed over the entire world.


Joachim: You have gone before us, to pave a way for your friends…
Joachim: And if you ask me why some people had to leave early…
Joachim: …It is the trial of Death. There will be no more sorrow, wailing, pain, or terror… it has become history.
Joachim: We know where you will be going.
Joachim: We know your path.
Theresa: You may be gone, Father, but the doors of St. Freya Orphanage will always be open.
Theresa: Joachim and I made the choice. This will be our path.
Theresa: God be with you, Father.
Joachim: God be with you, hero.


Act 3 - Tower of Doom:
Gameplay 11-11 - Warrior’s Path:
Bronya: The world… has been rectified. Where is Seele?
Bronya looked around. The glowing diary she carried calmed her a little.
Joachim: Welcome back. You look far less anxious than before.
Joachim: I’m a part of this maze… I can already sense it collapsing…
Joachim: You are powerful. I believe I must tell you the truth.
Bronya: What exactly happened in the Sea of Quanta?
Joachim: …Welt Yang fought till his final breath in the Sea of Quanta.
Joachim: He faced an enemy with power far beyond his… He fought valiantly but vainly…
Joachim: Before he fell, Welt used his final strength to create a barrier separating the Sea of Quanta from the real world.
Bronya: A barrier?
Joachim: This barrier imposes a trial on any sentient being trying to pass through.
Joachim: That’s right, Bronya. It is the great labyrinth you’re in right now.
Joachim: Welt’s physical form is gone. His existence in the Sea is this labyrinth itself.
Joachim: Everything you see here… is a part of his past… the confusions and struggles he had…
Joachim: …And his yearning for hope.
Bronya: Welt… sacrificed himself to prevent the Serpent from entering the real world.
Joachim: Come, I shall open the final path for you…
Joachim: This is the final world.
Joachim: Pass through it and you’ll pass through this labyrinth.
Joachim: I will become your power and lead you to the Core of Reason.
Joachim: The Core will let you enter the Sea itself.
Joachim: But do not hold it for too long… for it will destroy your physical form.
Bronya: The Bronya understands.
Joachim: …Promise me, Bronya.
Joachim: No matter what you see or hear, do NOT let the Serpent escape this place.
Bronya: The Bronya understands. The World Serpent is the Bronya’s enemy.
Bronya: The Bronya shall not let Welt down.
Joachim: Godspeed, Bronya.
Bronya: (The final world lies ahead. Solve its puzzle and the Bronya will be granted passage into the Sea of Quanta…)
Bronya: (Seele and the Gem of Desire await the Bronya there…)


Gameplay 11-12 - Charred Battlefield:
Sounds were echoing in the darkness.
The howl of the wind, explosions, screams, and the roar of monsters…
Seele: Bronya! Bronya…
Someone kept screaming for Bronya… but the voice was quickly overwhelmed by the cacophony.
It was a symphony of death, an orchestra of destruction reverberating across this charred wasteland…
Seele: Bronya, wake up!
Bronya: Seele?
Bronya: Is this… the tundra? It looks different…
Kiana: Ah, looks like you’re doing just fine, Bronya.
Kiana: You just fell… face first… into the snow…
Bronya: …Kiana?
Kiana: Hmph. I’m not being kind to you. But I think the concussion is going to make you an Idiotka!
Mei: Stop fooling around, Kiana. Check your gear. We’ll be engaging hostiles soon.
Mei: We’re here to deal the final blow to the Herrscher of the Void.
Mei: Powered by a Honkai reactor, the Void Queen has created a spatial rift to bring in a Honkai horde…
Bronya: (Herrscher of the Void? But Kiana is right here… this must be the… Second Eruption…)
Bronya: (But why would Kiana and Mei appear in this world?)
Mei: …Hostiles approaching. Get ready for battle, girls.
Mei: …! Numerous heat signatures approaching.
Kiana: What happened? All the Honkai beasts were destroyed!
Engines roared above the Valkyries. Dozens of heavy mechs were released from a shuttle.
The mechs landed with resounding thuds. Amongst them was a man who descended slowly, floating above the snow…
Welt: You made it, Valkyries.
Bronya: (Welt? He grew up in this world…)
Mei: You must be an… Anti-Entropist?
Welt: Stay vigilant. This war is far from over.
Welt: My mechs will smash through their center.
Mei: Understood. We will strike their flank and keep them occupied.
Mei: Finally, we thank you for your support, Mr. Welt.
Welt: Don’t trust anyone, Valkyrie. It might kill you.
The shuttle engines roared again. Welt and his mechs flew towards the heart of the tundra.
Bronya: (This is the first time the Bronya sees Welt Yang as the Sovereign of Anti-Entropy…)
Bronya: (But he… felt cold… this was not how the Bronya remembered him…)
Kiana: Oh my god, that guy can literally fly! He’s gotta be the boss of Anti-Entropy!
Mei: That’s the 1st Herrscher…
Kiana: He’s kind of cool. A snap of his finger and all of those Honkai beasts are just gone.
Kiana: Of course… I also read that the Overseer destroyed the 1st Herrscher a few decades ago…
Kiana: This guy could be a fake… right?
Mei: I’m not too sure… I only knew he created Anti-Entropy and swore to fight for humanity as a Herrscher…
Mei: But I’ve never seen any other human member of Anti-Entropy since I became a Valkyrie.
Kiana: Looks like these pilots aren’t interested in getting some fresh air.
Kiana: Wait… what if he attacks us?
Kiana: He’s a Herrscher as well, right? He can turn on us at any moment…
Mei: He just saved our lives, Kiana…
Bronya: (The Bronya is beginning to suspect things as well…)
Seele: Bronya… something doesn’t feel right about this world.
Seele: It’s not like St. Freya High or the orphanage… this world feels… dangerous.
Bronya: Do not fear. The Bronya will always protect Seele.
Mei: We’ve talked long enough. Time to move forward.
Kiana: Whoa! This Honkai beast is huge! Is it dead?
Mei: The Herrscher of the Void is losing the war.
Kiana: My scanners aren’t picking up anything! The 2nd Herrscher is now defenseless!
Kiana: Ho ho, the smug Herrscher has run out of goons! Time to settle the score now!
Mei: …Wait! Sensors registered a massive Honkai energy spike in the middle of the battlefield.


CG plays wherein Welt steals the Core of the Void from Sirin, opening countless portals aimed straight at her:
Welt: The almighty Herrscher of the Void laid low by puny humans…
Welt: But it doesn’t matter anymore.
Welt: Your power… will be mine!


Gameplay 11-13 - Desperate Situation:
Kiana: Wha? What is the 1st Herrscher doing?
Mei: We need to leave… now!
Bronya: (Something is happening…)
Welt: The fight or flight response… the most primitive but powerful animal instinct…
Welt: Flee, then. I fled before… like a wounded beast… doing whatever I could to survive…
Welt: …But you have nowhere else to run.
Kiana: The mechs… the mechs are attacking us!
Kiana: He just consumed the Core of the 2nd Herrscher!
Mei: We’re being overwhelmed… Ugh…
Kiana: These stupid mechs… they just keep coming and coming…
Kiana: Is this guy creating them out of thin air? You gotta be kidding me!
Bronya: Engagement is not advised. The Bronya suggests breaking out and seeking refuge at a safe location…
Mei: …We’ll go to the Babylon Labs!
Mei: The indoor corridors and rooms can protect us against flanking… we must move quickly…
BLAM…!
A powerful blast disintegrated the dark-haired Valkyrie before she could finish her words.
Kiana: MEI! NOOOO!
Nothing was left for her except a small, smoldering crater. Something emerged from the smoke.
It was a mech with a dull, purplish glow.
They were cold and hard, like steel tombstones heralding the inevitable end of the Valkyries.
Seele: Wha… did she just…
Bronya: We have to go.


Gameplay 11-14 - Danger Everywhere:
Bronya: The mechs did not follow… the 1st Herrscher was focused on something else…
Bronya: The Bronya will attempt to contact other squads for reinforcements.
Brzzz… psszzz…
Comms: Mayday! Delta squad requests support! I repeat… requests support…
Comms: The 1st Herrscher… attacked us…
Comms: …Attacked by Anti-Entropy mechs and Honkai beasts… slaughtered… coordinates at…
Bronya: …
Bronya: Why… why has the 1st Herrscher turned against humanity? The Bronya fails to comprehend…
Kiana: …You idiot! That’s a super dumb question!
Kiana: He’s a Herrscher!
Kiana: Herrschers are corrupted beyond redemption! They wear human faces to lie to us!
Kiana: He killed Mei! Mei… hic hic…
Bronya: Mei…
Bronya: (Welt and Kiana… and even Mei… are not behaving like their real world counterparts…)
Bronya: (This world is dangerous, unstable, and… filled with disorder…)
Seele: Bronya…
Bronya: Seele…
Seele sat in the corner. Blood flowed down her arm from a shoulder wound.
Bronya: This is only a flesh wound… the Bronya shall apply first aid…
Seele: Mei… she’s… she’s dead…
Bronya: Do not think about it, Seele.
Bronya gave the trembling girl a tight hug to console her.
Explosions lit the heavens while bodies littered the earth. The battlefield was too much for Seele.
She’s still the shy little girl who hides in a toy chest when scared.
But she’s doing her best to stay strong and not let Bronya down.
Bronya: It will be over soon. This is the final world.
Bronya: The Bronya will take you away from this place.
Bronya: We will return to reality… we can go to classes, theme parks… and the beach… we made a promise…
Bronya: The Bronya is here to live up to that promise we made.
Seele: …
Seele: Thank you, Bronya. I’m alright now…
Seele: …
Seele: Strange. It became so quiet all of a sudden.
Bronya: …Kiana?
Bronya scanned the surroundings. The two girls were the only ones left in the room.
Bronya: Anomaly detected. Seele… stay close to the Bronya.
Seele: …
“Seele”: …Okay, Bronya.
Bronya: …Kiana?
Bronya: Enemies… they made it into the labs.
Bronya: We must leave this place, Seele.
Bronya: Nyet. Large number of incoming hostiles. Seele, leave this place now…
Bronya: Seele?
Bronya: Urk…
Bronya tried looking for Seele while fighting the mechs, but a sharp pain knocked her to the ground.
Glowing purple veins spread across her arms and bloomed like flowers of a twisted vine…
Though her emotive centers were burnt out, Bronya could still feel her heart racing.
She had received an affliction worse than death.
Bronya: Seele… run…


Gameplay 11-15 - 1st Herrscher:
CG plays wherein Bronya is shown with the same appearance she had when controlled by Cocolia, with Welt appearing right behind her:
Bronya: Ugh…
Bronya: What’s happening… to the Bronya?
Bronya: Ugh!


Bronya: Seele? Where are you, Seele?
Welt: Interesting. Your mind remained… human. I’m very intrigued.
Welt: Congratulations, Valkyrie. You survived the Second Eruption.
Welt: I don’t know who Seele is, but it no longer matters. You are the sole survivor.
Bronya: …What are you saying?
Welt: All the Valkyries at the front… and other personnel in the rear…
Welt: …They’re all dead.
Welt: I destroyed Schicksal.
Bronya: You killed them… you killed Seele…
Welt: I see surprise, sorrow, and hatred in your eyes. I felt those feelings… before…
Welt: She must be… someone important to you. Good. You must… remember this moment.
Welt: Hatred… loss… despair… they are the pillars of pure power…
Bronya: Please tell the Bronya your reasons for doing this.
Welt: It is my destiny.
Welt: The man named Welt Joyce gave me my destiny in 1955…
Bronya: Anti-Entropy was founded in 1955…
Welt: No. Anti-Entropy was… destroyed in 1955.
Welt: Welt Joyce, Lieserl Albert Einstein, Frederica Nikola Tesla, Emma Planck, Erwin Reanna Schrodinger…
Welt: I remembered all their names. That was the only thing I could do.
Welt: Schicksal Valkyries killed them one by one. I ran away… in shame…
Welt: Like a terrified, wretched, little rat…
He calmly narrated the tale as though he was wholly detached from it.
But the calmness was a facade for something dark and terrible…
Bronya: Anti-Entropy was… destroyed?
Welt: I will always dream of him on dark, moonless nights…
Welt: Again and again I dreamed… he laid in a pool of his own blood… he gave me his name and the Core…
Welt: And I have finally returned, bearing his name and fulfilling his wish of fighting for humanity.
Bronya: Destroying Schicksal has little to do with fighting for humanity.
Bronya: Welt has only reproduced the tragedy of Anti-Entropy. Being a victim is no excuse for Welt to murder.
Bronya: The founders of Anti-Entropy would never consent to what Welt has done…
Welt: …
Welt: Humph, I guess you’re right. They were weak and soft like that.
Welt: …Though Schicksal destroyed what we had, they still set their hatred aside to fight for their beliefs.
Welt: …And they paid dearly for it.
Welt: I bear the name of Welt and his might. I am the enforcer of his powers and vision.
Welt: But I have nothing under this name. I’m a mere shadow… playing the roles of a dead man…
Welt: Why must I play the role of a tragic and failed hero?
Bursts of blood erupted from the man. The broken body could hardly sustain his powers.
His voice became more emotional…
Welt: That’s right. I slew the Herrscher of the Void. I saved this world.
Welt: I achieved what that man couldn’t. I have surpassed him.
Bronya: …Welt has lost his mind.
Welt: I am not mad. I have conquered… Welt…
A monstrous war machine suddenly appeared next to the Herrscher. His gaze was clouded by mad hatred.
Welt: This is my true power… my final destination… my grand vision…
1st Herrscher: This is what I’m supposed… to be!
1st Herrscher: …!
The armored vehicle exploded into a fiery wreck, and the violent backfire tore Welt apart.
1st Herrscher: Enough! KNEEL!
The crimson Star of Eden floated above his palm. A gravity tsunami came hurtling towards Bronya.
1st Herrscher: You have no right to judge me!
1st Herrscher: You hate me because I’ve killed your friends… HATRED DRIVES US BOTH!
But the Valkyrie continued to press forward.
Bronya: The Bronya is unable to hate. The Bronya identifies self-hatred and pity in you…
Bronya: The Bronya sees your fear… and cowardice…
1st Herrscher: Cowardice? Fool, I am stronger than any being in existence!
Bronya: Nyet. The Bronya has seen a stronger soul.
Bronya: She stood against the impending cataclysm.
Bronya: Though the skies darkened with roiling storms, she kept her head high with her fierce fighting spirit…
Bronya: She was just an ordinary girl… and just as confused and lost… but she endured pain and sorrow…
Bronya: The Bronya knew that she would take up her responsibility no matter how hard it was…
Bronya: …She was the Valkyrie who defended hope when everyone thought it was lost.
1st Herrscher: I don’t understand a thing you said!
Bronya: Nyet. You do not. You are a vile and despicable thing.
Bronya: The Bronya is not you, and will never become you.
Bronya: You do not deserve the name of “Welt”.
1st Herrscher: SHUT UP! You know nothing about Welt… about me!
1st Herrscher: Star of Eden! Tear her apart!
The trembling orb did not respond. It fell like a lifeless thing…
As if drawn to Bronya’s reaching hands, it stopped right in front of her.
A young, gentle voice suddenly whispered in Bronya’s ear.
Joachim: You have found the answer, Bronya.


CG plays wherein Bronya picks up the Star of Eden and activates its Zeroth Power, with Seele watching Babylon Labs from afar:
1st Herrscher: Impossible!
Bronya: The Bronya… knows more than you…
Bronya: Star of Eden… Zeroth Power…
Bronya: …Unleashed!


Seele: …
Seele: Bronya…
???: She’s succeeded. The world is collapsing. We’re only a step away from success.
???: Seele, you know what to do.
Seele: …
Seele: Nyet… I cannot do this.
Seele: Bronya would never agree.
Seele: I… I will never hurt Bronya.
???: Do not forget the one who granted us our powers, Seele.
???: We’re completely at its mercy. Do you feel like returning to the void?
Seele: …I trust in Bronya.
???: …
???: …Trust? In Bronya?
???: Even after so many years, you have remained soft… hesitant… weak.
???: You can’t protect Bronya if you can’t safeguard your own existence.
Seele: …What are you doing?
Seele: NYET! Let me… go…
???: Thank you, Seele. I appreciate the way you played your part.
???: I’m running this show from now on.


1st Herrscher: I thought I’d die without hearing those words again…
1st Herrscher: Those words… tore me… to pieces… I could not rebuke it… it’s… the truth…
1st Herrscher: I always thought that Joyce was the only one who could do that.
1st Herrscher: I can’t… I can’t face him again…
No one answered him. Silence reigned over the charred battlefield.
The Herrscher tried to open his eyes, but there was nothing but endless darkness.
Soft, silent footsteps approached.
1st Herrscher: …
1st Herrscher: Valkyrie… tell me… who am I?
1st Herrscher: What… am I?
The 1st Herrscher groaned. His voice turned soft. Soon, there was nothing left but miserable sobs.
He remembered crying like this decades ago when the sun was setting and his hero stretched out his hand…


Act 4 - Past the Abyss:
Gameplay 11-16 - Past the Abyss:
CG plays wherein Bronya and “Seele” find themselves outside of the labyrinth:
Bronya: The maze… has disappeared.
Bronya: The Herrscher of Reason’s Core…
Bronya: Thank goodness you’re alright, Seele…
“Seele”: Yes, I’m fine.


“Seele”: You’re finally here, Bronya.
“Seele”: Is this the Core belonging to the Herrscher of Reason? I never thought it would look like this…
“Seele”: Heh. This will help us return to the real world, Bronya.
Bronya: …Nyet. You are not Seele.
Bronya: Who are you? What did you do to Seele?
“Seele”: Bronya? It’s me! Don’t you know me anymore?
“Seele”: Hmm, to be honest… this is indeed the first time we’ve met.
“Seele”: I’ll introduce myself. I am a symbiont living within her… another side of her personality.
Bronya: Another side?
Bronya: The Bronya does not understand. Return Seele at once.
“Seele”: I understand your wish to protect Seele. Don’t worry. We are one. I’d never hurt my host.
“Seele”: But I do know the way to save her.
“Seele”: Please give me the Core of Reason to help Seele and I return to the real world.
Bronya: Nyet, the Bronya will utilise the Eye of the Deep to take Seele home…
“Seele”: It won’t work. Seele… well, she’s now a part of the Sea…
“Seele”: X-10 gave her the power to warp between dimensions, but it was too much for her body to handle.
“Seele”: We both know that. We lack the means to save her.
“Seele”: But I have some good news for you.
“Seele”: Seele isn’t here by coincidence. Do you want to know why?
Bronya: …?
Seele: I don’t know… I remember a cold, dark, and empty room with a tightly shut door.
Seele: I was trapped there for what seemed like an eternity.
Seele: Then the door suddenly opened and light poured in.
Seele: I always wanted to escape and find you, Bronya… so I ran off into the light.
Seele: I can’t remember the rest… I woke up in this world when I regained awareness.
Bronya: …
“Seele”: Someone saved us. But it came at a price.
“Seele”: We drifted in the void. We tried to leave but kept failing. It felt like it would never end, until one day…
“Seele”: …A voice called to us from the darkness.
Bronya: A voice?
“Seele”: I don’t know who it was. Seele doesn’t know either. But it promised to help us leave.
“Seele”: It promised to take us from the Sea of Quanta and return to the real world. It only demanded one thing.
“Seele”: It wanted us to find the Core of Reason and remove the barrier between the Sea and reality.
Bronya: …We cannot accept this request.
Bronya: The Bronya can only think of one entity with such power and motivation.
Bronya: You must stop. We cannot help the Serpent bring down the barrier.
“Seele”: Stop? Why? I don’t understand.
“Seele”: It saved us. Without its help, I wouldn’t be here talking to you.
“Seele”: It promised to create a world where Seele can live in…
“Seele”: A world without the Honkai, where you and Seele can live happily ever after.
Bronya: The Serpent is merely deceiving and manipulating Seele to break free from the Sea of Quanta.
“Seele”: …
“Seele”: You wouldn’t understand. It’s too dark and cold, and we’ve been trapped here for too long.
“Seele”: We didn’t want its help at first… but we had no choice.
“Seele”: I want to leave…


CG plays wherein “Seele” brandishes her scythe at Bronya:
“Seele”: I won’t let anyone stop me!
“Seele”: Not even you, Bronya!


CG plays wherein “Seele” defeats Bronya:
Bronya: Nyet!
“Seele”: Sleep… Bronya…
“Seele”: When you wake up…
“Seele”: …Everything will be over.


Gameplay 11-17 - Path to the Light:
It was dark. It was silent. The air was still.
There was nothing except a yawning void… an endless gap…
The girl fell into the gaping abyss…
Bronya: …
What happened?
She scarcely remembered who she fought. The battle tore at her heart and deepened her sorrows.
She couldn’t feel anything… time itself seemed ephemeral…
Confusion, loss, and guilt… these emotions swamped her in the bleak darkness.
Bronya: …
Joachim: Bronya…
Bronya: …?
A spark rippled across the dark void like a tear splashing into a serene pond.
Something… someone called out to her from the distant light.
Joachim: Bronya…
Bronya: …Who are you?
The voice felt strange yet familiar at the same time.
Bronya reached for the light.
Bronya: …?
She saw a faint figure flickering in the brightness.
Bronya: …Joachim?
The light grew stronger and illuminated her entire world.
Bronya: What is this… place?
Seele: I’ll always be at Bronya’s side…
Seele: Just like how you were always by mine…
Cocolia: Bronya…
Cocolia: I heard that you…
Cocolia: …Had some bad experiences before coming here.
Cocolia: But put it all behind you, dear.
Himeko: Relax and treat this place as your home…
Himeko: …Treat us as your family.
The Priest: Right and wrong doesn’t answer every question in this world.
Theresa: We all know how it works…
Theresa: …But we can’t bring ourselves to do it.
Theresa: I don’t think any one of us knows how to leave it all behind.
Fenghuang Down: You’re not doing it for others. You’re doing it for yourself.
1st Herrscher: You hate me because I’ve killed your friends… HATRED DRIVES US BOTH!
Bronya: The Bronya is not you, and will never become you.
The Priest: There are three steps in our lives.
Joachim: Your past has tempered your will and resilience far beyond that of a child your age.
Fenghuang Down: You will walk out of your past and find your way.
Cocolia: I believe in you, Bronya.
Cocolia: You will soon become an excellent Valkyrie.
Bronya: Huff… huff…
Warm light showered on the image of this bubble universe and Bronya herself.
Joachim: Where are you going, Bronya?
Bronya: …
Bronya: The Sea of Quanta…
Bronya: They are waiting for the Bronya… Seele is waiting for the Bronya…
Bronya: The Bronya… must complete her mission…
Bronya: The Bronya must… go to the Deep End of the Sea…
Bronya struggled to use her legs and ran off into the light…


CG plays wherein Joachim fades away, granting Bronya passage:
Joachim: Then go, Bronya…
Joachim: The path to the future… is now open to you…


Gameplay 11-18 - Deep End of the Sea:
“Seele”: …!
“Seele”: What is that power?
“Seele”: Why are you trying to stop me, Bronya?
“Seele”: Seele will be trapped in the void if I fail…
Bronya: …
Bronya: The Serpent can throw you into the Sea of Quanta anytime it wishes…
Bronya: …It does not offer freedom.
Bronya: The Bronya made a promise to return Seele to reality.
Bronya: The Bronya refuses to let you entrust your lives to the Serpent…
Bronya: The Bronya will rescue Seele… on her own…
Bronya: …The Bronya will live up to her promise.
“Seele”: …
“Seele”: I’m not going back there! I’m never, ever going back into the void!
“Seele”: But… Seele… she said she’s willing to wait…
“Seele”: I… I can’t fight against my host…
Seele collapsed onto the ground… the red glare in her eyes faded…
This dimension began to shake violently.
Bronya: …!
“Seele”: …The Serpent’s spawn is coming.
Tlaloc: …!!
A grotesque hand stretched out from the abyss. It was the monster that Bronya fought at The Deep.
Bronya: …Careful, Seele!
A dark wave crashed onto Seele and swallowed her whole.
She couldn’t save her. Bronya could only stare as the dark roiling waters pulled her away.
Her ocean-azure eyes were just how Bronya remembered them to be.
Seele: I’ll always believe in you… Bronya…
Tlaloc: …!!
The monster writhed in pain and fell into the endless maelstrom. The dark tide subsided as well.
Seele fell to the ground. Her body gave off a faint, bluish glow like a pristine yet fragile gem.
Light particles dissipated from the gem.


CG plays wherein Seele’s body dissipates, leaving nothing but a glowing butterfly.


The fluttering blue butterfly settled on Bronya’s fingertips.
She supported her broken body and trudged towards the Herrscher Core.
The Sea flickered with images from multiple bubble universes. Bronya felt as though she traveled across them.
Everything felt like a dream.
Everything was real at some point.
Her steps became more and more labored.
But she will continue to trudge down her path.


Special CG [Cyberangel: ZERO Exception] plays:
Bronya: This is… the Sea of Quanta…
Bronya: The Core of Reason… is here…
Bronya: Seele… the Bronya… will save you…
Bronya: Ugh… can’t move…
Bronya: The Core… it’s going out of control…
Bronya: Seele?
Project Bunny: All systems nominal.
Bronya: Ride on!
Project Bunny: Ride on!
Project Bunny: Switch engine drive.
Project Bunny: Shift up. One… two… three.
Project Bunny: Top gear.
Bronya: Seele…
Bronya: The Bronya… is here for you.


[Cyberangel] - Song Lyrics:
Corrupt binary codes infecting my mind
Perform invocation with numbing freeze
Querying for a variable and seizing the time
To recompile and trigger my destiny
Though my wings’ve been bloodstained and could never rid
I’ll try hard to soar to the heaven I dreamed
There is no “exception” in this library
For I know I will always go with you
Superhot projectiles pierce the wind
I charged up my armor into lightspeed
Querying for a variable and seizing the time
In a new day coming not so far away
Though my wings’ve been bloodstained and could never rid
I’ll try hard to soar to the heaven I dreamed
There is no “exception” in this library
For I know I will always go with you
Though my wings’ve been bloodstained and could never rid
I’ll try hard to soar to the heaven I dreamed
There is no “exception” in this library
For I know I will always go with you
Though my wings’ve been bloodstained and could never rid
I’ll try hard to soar to the heaven I dreamed
There is no “exception” in this library
For I know I will always go with my heart.


  





Game Ch XI: EX: Diane’s Sojourn


Act 1 - Void Heavens:
Gameplay EX-1 - Brink:
CG plays wherein Kiana saves a woman and her child from incoming Honkai beasts:
Operator: A Honkai event has occurred in ARC North.
Operator: Local residents are advised to evacuate to the nearest shelter.
Operator: ARC Patrols are on their way to the affected areas as I speak. I repeat…
3 months after the Honkai Eruption.
Lady: Help!
???: Don’t touch any Honkai energy again, Kiana.
???: Leave them. There’s nothing you can do.
Kiana: Nothing?
Kiana: No! I must…
Kiana: Run! Get away from here. I’ll handle this.


The people have fled far enough. Time to escape.
Kiana: I can only flee…
Sirin: Why run away, Kiana?
Sirin: They’re the prey.
Sirin: You’re the predator.
Kiana: Hngh…


CG plays wherein Kiana is confronted by more Honkai beasts in her escape, with Sirin taking over once more:
Kiana: No… I can’t die here…
Sirin: Hahahahahah!
Sirin: This body is now mine!
???: Kiana!


Gameplay EX-2 - Daze:
The girl heard that a person’s entire life will replay in slow motion when they’re dying.
There was only darkness before her.
“Did the Honkai beast pierce me with its lance?” The girl’s mind was a confused mess.
Unlike the hapless victims who could only scream and flee to escape the one-sided butchery…
“Why am I still alive?”
“Am I beyond redemption? Must I live and witness the fruits of my actions?”
“Perhaps I think I could resist HER… perhaps I can save them…”
“...Perhaps I hope for the recess bell to ring and wake me up from this terrible nightmare.”
She did not know which one was the truth.
Nothing but an eternity of darkness awaits…
Kiana’s mind was spiraling out of control. The girl grasped at her fondest memories…
But those memories became shattered shards that came flying at her…
Kiana: Theresa! Mei!
Sirin: Your friends… they said they’ll bring you home…
Sirin: But if they realised your true self…
Sirin: Would they welcome you with open arms?
Sirin: To these “friends” of yours…
Sirin: …The girl named Kiana is no more.
Sirin: They will try to “save” you by destroying you.
Mei: I’m sorry, Kiana…
Theresa: I had to do this…
Kiana: Theresa! Mei! What are you doing?
Sirin: KYAHAHAHAHAH~☆
Sirin: Remember this hateful face, Kiana?
Sirin: She betrayed your trust.
Sirin: This vile, arrogant piece of trash…
Sirin: You thought she was cold and aloof…
Sirin: …But she was worse.
Kiana: Fu Hua…
Sirin: She knew you were a monster…
Sirin: Always watching… waiting to strike you down.
Sirin: She destroyed your life…
Sirin: And delivered you to Overseer Otto…
Sirin: You were always her prey…
Sirin: Look! Now she’s hunting you again~☆
Fu Hua: Don’t listen to her, Kiana!
Fu Hua: Don’t let her play with your mind!
Otto: Subject K423…
Otto: An F1 hybrid of the Kaslana and Schariac dynasties…
Otto: …With genes taken from the 2nd Herrscher.
Otto: Like the others, K423 matured into a viable individual…
Otto: …In a vegetative state with no higher brain functions.
Otto: But after placing the Herrscher Core…
Otto: …A sustainable generation of EEG readings in K423 was detected.
Kiana: What is that?
Sirin: It’s how you were made, dear.
Sirin: More precisely, it’s how I was brought back.
Kiana: That’s a lie!
Sirin: These foolish humans made us.
Sirin: They invited divine judgment upon themselves.
Sirin: You’re just a vessel…
Sirin: …Fashioned by humans to trap me.
Sirin: Your name and your childhood were lies…
Sirin: …Fabricated to keep you down.
Sirin: We’re both victims of this hateful race.
Sirin: Why don’t we work together and…
Sirin: …Teach these lying, manipulative insects a lesson?
Sirin: Good. Keep killing! Destroy all of this!
Sirin’s laughter echoed in the air like a flock of carrion birds circling a dying person.
HER crazed laughter was interrupted by a calm, soothing voice.
Fu Hua: Good. I don’t think I’m too late for this.
Fu Hua: Time to silence you for good.
Herrscher of the Void: Tsk. I must rid myself of this annoyance.
Herrscher of the Void: It doesn’t matter. There’s only so much you can do.
Herrscher of the Void: I can feel the storm of her emotions… pent up anger and sorrow waiting to explode.
Herrscher of the Void: Her ego grows weaker by the hour. All I need to do is wait.
Herrscher of the Void: You’ll soon witness me dominate this body…
The dark tide has retreated. The evening remained the same.
The nightmares came to her multiple times ever since she woke up on the beach 3 months ago.
Kiana: I… I had a dream.
Fu Hua: It wasn’t a dream. You almost lost yourself, Kiana.
Kiana: …
Fu Hua: You resisted me. You refused to talk to me and treated me like an illusion for 3 months.
Fu Hua: But you need to face the truth, Kiana. You’ll only endanger yourself if you pretend nothing happened.
Fu Hua: Do not let the Honkai touch you. Do not use your Valkyrie powers… don’t even think about fighting.
Fu Hua: All SHE needs is the tiniest crack in your defenses.
Fu Hua: My powers are waning. I can’t stand vigil and care for you forever.
Fu Hua: We had the upper hand this time, but we won’t be so lucky when SHE appears again.
Fu Hua: The entire city will be doomed once SHE wakes up.
Kiana: “Care” for me? You’ve been spying on me!
Kiana: You’re always there… spying and watching…
Kiana: You’re Otto’s spy… you delivered me to the Overseer! You sold me out!
Kiana: Why would a spy care for its prey?
Fu Hua: …
Kiana: SAY SOMETHING, DAMMIT!
Fu Hua: I…
Kiana: You’ve accomplished your stupid mission! Begone! I don’t want to see you again.
Fu Hua: Apologies. I’m afraid that won’t be possible.
Fu Hua: Fenghuang Down, the 8th Divine Key, was set to Zeroth Power. Our wills are forever bound.
Kiana: …WHAT?!
Fu Hua: Seek them, Kiana. Find Principal Theresa and your friends. They’re the only ones who can save you now.
Kiana: No… I can’t…
Fu Hua: I know it’s hard… but it’s the only way out…
Kiana: Get out! The only way out for you is to get out of my head!
Fu Hua: …
Fu Hua: I’m sorry, Kiana… but if the worst thing comes to pass…
Fu Hua: I have no choice but to ensure that all 3 of us fall together…
Fu Hua: Forgive me, Kiana.


Gameplay EX-3 - Bazaar:
The girl wandered aimlessly, hoping to hide from the real world.
She knew no place was safe enough. No one can run away from their own past.
They determined her purpose and what she would become even before she was conceived.
She was the victim of fate, nothing more, nothing less.
It was not hatred that drove her to rage at Fu Hua. It was her sense of powerlessness before fate…
The girl knew what hid within her.
SHE woke when Kiana turned 12. The result was devastating.
She tried to run away, and pretended that SHE never existed.
The girl dared not stay at one place for too long or befriend anyone. She was afraid to lose them again…
And then she met…
Mei.
Bronya.
Theresa.
And…
They were family… they had a home that she wanted to live in.
But that was a foolish notion.
No matter how far she ran or how hard she struggled, the ending was the same.
The dark streets came to life with neon lights. There was a crowd, and the smell of food was in the air.
She shivered like a wet gutter rat in winter.
She knew she couldn’t stay here for too long. She must avoid the crowd…
She remembered night markets like these.
She used to head out with the girls to try out every stall…
She couldn’t control herself any longer, and went after the lights like a moth chasing the fire…
Himeko: Introduce yourself.
Kiana: Miss… Himeko?
May 2014. Enrollment.
Himeko: Alright, fairies. I’m Himeko Murata. You shall address me as Miss Himeko or Instructor Himeko.
Himeko: The Principal may have approved your admissions, but I’ll work you hard without mercy.
Himeko: Let’s start with a standard roll call.
Kiana: Hah. You must have heard of me before. I’m Kiana Kaslana. YEAH! That Kaslana! The most famous one.
Mei: I’m Mei Raiden, Miss Himeko.
Bronya: Bronya Zaychik.
Himeko: Valkyrie training at St. Freya High begins today, and you’ll be graded on your performance.
Kiana: What? Graded? Pfft.
Kiana: I’m no fairy, Aunt Himeko, I’m a seasoned warrior. Skip the training and deploy me to the frontlines NOW.
Himeko: Hmph. Address me as Instructor Himeko, sugar.
Himeko: FYI, fairies, this “seasoned” warrior was fished out of Nagazora on a stretcher. She’s very squishy.
Kiana: Hey! That was an accident! We Kaslanas have defended humanity from the very beginning!
Kiana: I was fighting uber-OP Honkai beasts with my old man when I was a little girl.
Himeko: Oh. I guess your old man is the real seasoned warrior for saving your skin, pixie dust.
Kiana: I don’t need saving!
Kiana: A normie like Aunt Himeko will never understand how we Kaslanas fight. We’re born warriors.
Mei: That’s really rude, Kiana. Please apologise to Miss Himeko.
Bronya: The Bronya is not surprised by the Idiotka’s idiot comments.
Himeko: Born warriors? Great. A normie like me always wanted to fight a born warrior.
The girl was defeated in an instant by the “normie”.
Every slash, pirouette, and cleave was executed with utmost precision. The girl had no chance.
The “normie” displayed the true powers of physical conditioning and combat moves based on hard science.
Before she knew it, the edge of the greatsword had given her a nick on the neck.
The instructor looked into her eyes.
Himeko: That is your first lesson, sugarplum.
June 2014. After class.
Himeko: What’s on your mind, Kiana?
Kiana: Nothing.
Himeko: What? That’s not what your stupid face says.
Himeko: Alright, sweetheart. Tell mama what you’re thinking about.
Kiana: …KYAAA! Not my ears!
Kiana: I’m not a kid! Don’t treat me like one. Hngh… alright. My stupid old man left me when I turned 12.
Kiana: I told myself that I’m not a kid anymore. That I’ve gotta get used to living on my own.
Himeko: Oh dear. Father’s Day is coming. And I was a little worried that you were too stupid to get sentimental.
Himeko: Look sugar, you’re luckier than me. Your old man taught you everything early on.
Himeko: And I used to think the world was rosy pink up till the age of 19.
Himeko: I thought life was good and filled with possibilities.
Himeko: I wanted to explore crazy places, do some deep sea photography, and settle down with a nice guy.
Himeko: And if that didn’t work, I’d just work at my old man’s applied Honkai energy lab.
Kiana: Eh? You’d work at a lab? Are you a scientist?
Kiana: Why did you end up as a Valkyrie with beefy arms?
Himeko: …Because I work out and because life isn’t perfect, sugar.
Himeko: My old man… he became a Honkai beast after an infection. Couldn’t even recognise his little girl.
Kiana: I… I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have asked.
Himeko: It’s alright. I left it all behind and joined the Valkyries for answers. Granted, I was a little too old for it.
Himeko: But I met someone. She told me that getting started is the most important step of any endeavor.
Himeko: I joined her squad. She kept talking about the future…
Himeko: She wanted to become a gardener and teach kids how to grow herbs, berries, and flowers.
Kiana: So did she become a great gardener in the end?
Himeko: She made it to the KIA list. Her squad was disbanded. I thought about what she said and came here.
Himeko: I became a Valkyrie because I don’t want sugar fairies like you losing their fathers.
Himeko: But I guess too many fairies are leaving their fathers because of some heroic aspirations.
Himeko: They could get a job, fall in love, or make games… but they gave all that up to become a Valkyrie.
Himeko: A real shame. Is it worth it?
Kiana: I don’t know. I didn’t have a choice, you know. I guess someone’s gotta do the hard work.
Kiana: My old man told me that Kaslanas boil over when they see people in trouble.
Himeko: That’s gotta be the worst piece of advice.
Himeko: Hopefully your old man taught you something useful.
Himeko: Perhaps fate took them away to make us treasure our friends and what we have.
Himeko: Come on, sweet heart, let mama give you a kiss.
Himeko: Nuh-uh, sugar. I think it’s about time you get some special girl-versus-girl training.
Kiana: Kyaa! NO! School’s over already! Let’s leave training till tomorrow!
Himeko: You’re not getting away, sweet heart.
The instructor ended up smashing her greatsword against the floor and wall until alcohol got the better of her.
The girl managed to haul the drunk instructor back to her room.
Before she closed the door…
…The girl thought she saw the rosy-cheeked 19 year old again.
August 2014. First deployment.
Himeko: Alright fairies, this is your first field assignment. I will say this one last time…
Himeko: …Keep your eyes on the enemy AND your friends!
Himeko: Your friends may end up becoming your enemy!
Himeko: Valkyries are always at risk of a Honkai Cascade. We know that the Honkai powers our abilities and battlesuits.
Himeko: But it can overwhelm us and turn us into mindless monsters.
Himeko: Every Valkyrie must be prepared. All of us are at risk.
Himeko: If you see a fairy experiencing a Cascade…
Himeko: …You MUST end her life right there!
Kiana: …But what if you’re the one experiencing the Cascade thing, Miss Himeko?
Himeko: Then you MUST do the same thing and end my life right there!
Himeko: A Cascade is irreversible. More will die if you hesitate. Head back to the dorms if you can’t do this.
Kiana: I… I understand.
Kiana: But if I… you know… get that Cascade thing… I wish that you’re the one to do it, Aunt Himeko.
Himeko: It’ll never happen, sugarplum.
Kiana: Oh?
Himeko: As your instructor and Squad Leader, I won’t let any of you get in trouble.
Kiana: That sounds like a real plan. Hey wait, I need action! Gimme action!
Himeko: You’ll act according to plan.
Himeko: Alright, fairies. Prepare for drop. Initiate field operations!


CG plays wherein Kiana finishes remembering the past, now surrounded by several Honkai beasts:
Kiana: You told me…
Kiana: That if a Valkyrie submits to the Honkai…
Kiana: I must end her life right away…
Kiana: But why…
Kiana: Why did you…


Gameplay EX-4 - Dead End:
Kiana: Me?
Herrscher of the Void: Humans… they always make the same mistake. They always sacrifice themselves for others.
Herrscher of the Void: She never knew that her sacrifice left a festering wound in your heart… and allowed for me to return…
Herrscher of the Void: You’ll never be rid of me.
Herrscher of the Void: Moments of weakness and painful memories fuel my strength and bring ruin to your surroundings.
Herrscher of the Void: Escape? Where can you hide?
Herrscher of the Void: I *AM* YOU, Kiana!
Fu Hua: Kiana, you’re losing control of your energy.
Fu Hua: Take a deep breath and stay calm.
Sirin: Just use your powers, Kiana.
Sirin: Do you really want to die here?
Sirin: Pathetic little coward.
Sirin: Where can you run to?
Sirin: You have nowhere else to go.


CG plays wherein Kiana aims her gun to her head in defeat before Fu Hua stops her:
Herrscher of the Void: I’ve brought you to your knees, finally.
Kiana: I… won’t let you…
Fu Hua: I’m here, Kiana.
Fu Hua: This is not the time for despair yet.


Gameplay EX-5 - Fight Back:
Herrscher of the Void: Hngh… you never give up, do you?
Herrscher of the Void: You hid that Divine Key… and it gave you this strange power.
Herrscher of the Void: Relentless you may be, you’ll never win. Not in the real world, and definitely not in my mind.
Herrscher of the Void: Your tenacity is admirable… at least you’re a human I can have fun killing.
Herrscher of the Void: You will die eventually.
Herrscher of the Void: This girl was conceived for a single purpose: to serve as my mortal vessel.
Herrscher of the Void: Her past and her name are built upon lies. She’s nothing but a trap for a GOD.
Herrscher of the Void: The girl you’ve been trying to save is nothing but a bag of fabricated falsehood.
Herrscher of the Void: She’s already given up. She’ll not respond to your calls.
Fu Hua: I’ve made plenty of mistakes. I trusted the wrong person.
Fu Hua: I’ve lost faith in humanity before… and I merely carried out my duties without thinking.
Fu Hua: But giving up is not my style. It simply isn’t who I am…
Fu Hua: …And it simply won’t do when someone else placed so much faith in her.
Fu Hua: I can’t do this alone.
Fu Hua: Please help me, Instructor Himeko…
Fu Hua: …Fight with me.


CG plays wherein Fu Hua uses the last of her power to force Sirin back from whence she came:
Fu Hua: Kiana…
Fu Hua: …You are on your own from now on.












Gameplay EX-6 - Rebirth:
Special CG [Diane’s Sojourn] plays:
Himeko: Kiana…
Himeko: What are you waiting for?
Kiana: Miss Himeko…
Kiana: I see it now…
Kiana: I will change this imperfect world…
Kiana: …Into the one I want!




[Amazing Grace] - Song Lyrics:
Amazing Grace, how sweet the sound
That saved a wretch like me
I once was lost, but now am found
Was blind but now I see
Was Grace that taught my heart to fear
And Grace, my fears relieved
How precious did that Grace appear
The hour I first believed
Through many dangers, toils and snares
We have already come
T'was Grace that brought us safe thus far
And Grace will lead us home
And Grace will lead us home
Amazing Grace, how sweet the sound
That saved a wretch like me
I once was lost but now am found
Was blind but now I see
Was blind, but now I see.






















Fu Hua: Kiana…
Fu Hua: …You’ve mastered the Void Queen’s powers by the sheer might of your own will.
Kiana: …
Kiana: If only I could do that sooner… just a bit sooner… perhaps…
Fu Hua: Miss Himeko won’t be happy if she sees you mired in endless regret and grief.
Fu Hua: She did everything she could to give you her final lesson because she BELIEVES in you.
Kiana: I understand… I won’t dwell on the pains of my past.
Kiana: I’ll live up to her expectations.
Fu Hua: Let’s go. Sirin’s ego may be sealed for now… but who knows… SHE might appear again.
Fu Hua: We have a long way ahead of us.
Fu Hua: There are plenty of things to do.


















































Game Ch XII: Plain of Vigrid


Act 1 - Undercurrent:
Gameplay 12-1 - World Swirl:
Far East border. A few weeks ago.
Cocolia: …
Cocolia stood alone on the rooftop of a skyscraper and looked down at the urban nightscape.
The meeting should have started 10 minutes ago, but he was not here yet.
Cocolia: …
She told herself to be patient. A soldier must find the perfect opportunity to strike.
The door suddenly opened.
???: I’m glad you’re here.
Cocolia: You’re late, Gray Serpent. You owe me an explanation.
Gray Serpent: Forgive me, Cocolia. I was… delayed by some personal matters.
Gray Serpent: The Serpent has a message for you.
Cocolia: What does the Serpent demand?
Gray Serpent: Open the Eye of the Deep. I know you can bring The Deep under your control.
Cocolia: …
The Deep was a classified secret of her organisation. Cocolia was surprised that Gray Serpent knew of it.
She hid her surprise and tried to maintain her air in the negotiations.
Cocolia: The Eye? What are you planning?
Gray Serpent: Open the way to the Sea of Quanta and free our kin.
Cocolia: I can deploy my forces to The Deep, but the Eye is beyond my power.
Cocolia: Only the Sovereign and his most trusted retainers know how to open that portal.
Gray Serpent: I heard that Einstein performed a secret experiment on the Eye a year ago.
Gray Serpent: And I trust you to figure out what exactly happened.
Cocolia: Understood.
Cocolia: One thing though. Einstein has no love for me. I may need your help when the time comes.
Gray Serpent: With pleasure.
Gray Serpent: And I need to borrow something from you.
Cocolia: What?
Gray Serpent: The Gem of Desire.
Cocolia: That doesn’t come cheap, mind you.
Gray Serpent: I didn’t come empty-handed. You’ll have the promised payment after it’s done.
Gray Serpent: Your precious… Seele Vollerei.
Cocolia: …
Though years had passed, Cocolia’s heart still missed a beat when she heard the name.
Every syllable dealt a merciless blow to her heart.
Gray Serpent: Yes, she’s still around. The X-10 Project simply sent her to a dimension we can’t reach.
Gray Serpent: Scratch our back, and we’ll scratch yours.
Sea of Quanta. Present moment.
Bronya: The barrier created by Welt is fading away. The Bronya has entered the Sea of Quanta.
Bronya: The Bronya must find Seele and the Gem before the Serpent does.
???: Bronya…
Bronya: Identify yourself.
The strange voice sounded familiar for some reason.
Bronya looked around but found that the sound came from the glowing core on her chest.
Welt: Well done. The Core of Reason has accepted you.
Bronya: Mr. Welt. The Bronya is pleased that you are alright.
Welt: Not exactly alright. This is the most I can do right now.
Welt: I can only talk to you because you’ve become one with the Core.
Bronya: Try to maintain this form. Dr. Einstein may have a solution to solve this.
Welt: The situation in the Sea of Quanta has grown worse. I sense the barrier disintegrating.
Welt: It’s the Gem of Desire. Its powers are breaking the barrier apart.
Welt: The Serpent also desires the Gem. We won’t be able to stop it if it succeeds.
Welt: We must act now.
Bronya: The Serpent is still hiding. This means it has yet to take the Gem.
Welt: Go, Bronya. My powers are scattered in a myriad of bubble universes. Gather them to enhance the Core.
Welt: The odds are against us, but we have no other choice.
Bronya: (The Serpent desires the Gem. The Bronya might meet Seele being held prisoner by the Serpent.)
Bronya: (The Bronya shall free Seele from these bubble universes…)






CG plays wherein Bronya rides Project Bunny in USAGI Kinetik form through the Sea of Quanta in search of Seele, with Seele waking up in a mysterious place:
Bronya: Seele…
Bronya: The Bronya will take you home!
Seele: Where… am I?


Gameplay 12-2 - Iron Fort:
Seele: Hngh… where am I?
SAKURA: You can talk.
Seele: Who… who are you?
SAKURA: I’m SAKURA, and you are? Can you remember your name?
Seele: …I’m Seele.
SAKURA: Seele?
SAKURA: It’s alright, I won’t hurt you. I just have a question. Have you seen the girl in this hologram?
The strange girl took off her pendant that then created a holographic projection.
It was a hologram of two girls. One of them happened to be SAKURA.
The other girl looked extremely like SAKURA in both appearance and age.
Seele: I… I’ve never seen her before.
SAKURA: You’ve never seen her? That makes no sense. She should be locked up here as well.
SAKURA: Can you remember if anyone recently arrived or was taken away from this place?
SAKURA: Please, I must find her.
Seele: Seele has no idea where she is or why she’s here…
SAKURA’s questioning stressed Seele. The little girl could only curl up in fright.
SAKURA realised what she did and spoke in a much softer tone.
SAKURA: Don’t be afraid. I mean no harm. You…
SAKURA: What have they done to you? How many innocent children have they taken?
SAKURA: …
SAKURA: Sorry, Seele. I shouldn’t keep asking you like this.
SAKURA: Come with me. I’ll help you leave this place.
SAKURA extended her hand to Seele. She moved gently and tried not to startle Seele again.
She lifted Seele up from the floor and led her out of the cell.
Seele: This is…
Seele: (The structure and layout seem familiar.)
Seele: (Is this a prison? No, it’s a base.)
“Seele”: Oh, you finally woke up.
Seele: What happened? Why are we here?
“Seele”: You know what happened. Your defiance cost us the Core.
Seele: You were trying to hurt Bronya! I won’t let you!
“Seele”: Alright, my dear host. You’ll take the lead.
“Seele”: But what’s your plan? We can’t escape the Sea of Quanta without the Serpent’s help.
Seele: This feels… strange.
“Seele”: What do you mean?
Seele: We were drifting in the void before we met her. This place feels different.
Seele: It’s like the worlds we traveled through with Bronya. It’s like a… bubble universe.
“Seele”: You’re right. We didn’t drown in the Sea. Instead, we ended up in yet another bubble universe.
“Seele”: Which means there has to be a way out. Bronya did manage to escape…
Seele: Bronya must be looking for me right now.
Seele: We can’t just wait here. I need to find Bronya.
Seele: Anyway, we need to figure out what this bubble is.
Seele: S-SAKURA?
SAKURA: Shh…
SAKURA signaled Seele to be quiet. She stood by the corner and carefully studied the patrolling mechs.
SAKURA: Not now. We wait here.
Seele: (She’s watching the guards. She’s definitely not from this base. Did she sneak in?)
Seele: Where are we going?
SAKURA: Around the guards to the elevator so we can enter the archives. I need to look into something.
SAKURA: …They’re moving. Let’s go.
SAKURA: Follow me closely and stay in the shadows.
Seele: O-Okay, I’ll be careful.
SAKURA: The elevator is on the other side. We should steer clear of the guards.
Seele: Stairs… I should be able to get a full view from there.
SAKURA: Looks like no one saw us. Let’s go upstairs.
Seele: Okay, SAKURA.
“Seele”: Hoho. You found a new sister pretty fast.
“Seele”: Why trust her? Just look at those ears. Is she even human?
Seele: We’ll just figure out what happened in this bubble universe to get our answers.
Seele: We should head to the archive, too. It might tell us something about this place.








Gameplay 12-3 - The MOTHs:
SAKURA: The archive is on this floor. Wait here and don’t move around.
SAKURA: …The way is guarded. There’s no way to avoid them.
Seele: What do we do?
SAKURA: I have an idea. Stay low and follow me.
Patrol Mech: #Warning. Restricted area. Authorised personnel only.#
Seele: …
SAKURA: SAKURA. ID No. CM-004.
Patrol Mech: #Verifying…#
Patrol Mech: #Clearance Granted. Good evening, MOTH.#
Seele: (MOTH?)
SAKURA: We captured an escaped test subject.
SAKURA patted Seele on the shoulder. The young girl knowingly lowered her head.
SAKURA: She wouldn’t talk. Dr. MEI told me to check the archives to locate her floor and cell.
Patrol Mech: #Access DENIED. You have no archive access privileges.#
SAKURA: Plan B then.
Swoosh…
Her lightning fast slash cleaved the mech in half.
SAKURA: Time to do this the hard way. Get behind me, Seele.
Seele: I can fight too!
SAKURA: These enemies look dangerous. Stay away from them.
Seele: Huff, huff…
SAKURA: Your power, Seele… is it a Stigmata?
Seele: Stigmata? You know about them?
SAKURA: Ah… excuse me. I’m just a bit surprised.
SAKURA: Don’t worry. You have amazing power.
SAKURA: You did nothing wrong. No one should lock you up here.
“Seele”: She seemed surprised when she mentioned Stigmata.
“Seele”: Hmm, interesting…
SAKURA: We made it.
SAKURA: The system is checking personnel traffic.
SAKURA: This might take a while.
SAKURA: We’ll have to wait.
Seele: That’s… a lot of files.
“Seele”: Do you know how to operate these terminals?
Seele: Er… I think it’s like reading a book, right?
“Seele”: Well… let’s hope you won’t mess up, my dear host.
Seele: I’ll do my best!
System: …. …. …. …. …. …. …. ….
System: …. …. …. …. ….
System: MOTH-MA-HS-1104.
Seele: It worked. I accessed a log file!
Researcher: The 11th Herrscher proved to be far more destructive than we expected.
Researcher: The Moth Who Chases the Flames suffered grievous losses.
Researcher: We lost too many MANTISes and couldn’t maintain our combat formations anymore.
Researcher: Surviving MANTISes were deployed to various MOTH squads until we could get new recruits.
Researcher: Hopefully the MANTISes will blend in with the non-augmented soldiers.
Researcher: Humanity’s worst enemy is at our gates but we’re still bickering with each other. How ironic.
Researcher: Fortunately, most people accepted the proposal.
Researcher: The new recruits are doing great and will be ready for combat soon enough.
Researcher: I trust that the new MANTISes will lead us to victory.
SYSTEM: …. …. …. …. …. …. …. ….
Seele: The Moth Who Chases the Flames… I remember the mechs mentioning this name.
“Seele”: They called SAKURA a “MOTH”. Shouldn’t they be on the same side?
“Seele”: Why would she break in?
Seele: Looks like this world suffered even more from the Honkai.
Seele: SAKURA must have her reasons. It might have something to do with the girl she’s looking for.
Seele: We should just ask her.
SYSTEM: …. …. …. …. …. …. …. ….
SYSTEM: MOTH-ST-PC-2.
SYSTEM: In previous testing, subjects were only injected with genes from a single donor.
SYSTEM: Project Chimera is a breakthrough since we can now use materials from multiple donors.
SYSTEM: In other words, a single subject can exhibit biological traits from multiple donors.
SYSTEM: Chimera Tech will make multi-gene inserts a reality.
SYSTEM: A pilot trial has been formally initiated.
SYSTEM: Codename: Tlaloc.
SYSTEM: …. …. …. …. …. …. …. ….
SYSTEM: …. …. …. …. …. …. …. ….
SYSTEM: MOTH-ST-PA-14.
SYSTEM: 3 prototype PRI-ARMs have been issued to the respective MANTISes. Field trials will start soon.
SYSTEM: If everything goes to plan, the tech can soon be used to equip MOTH forces on a larger scale.
SYSTEM: The older models could no longer cope with the Honkai war. Humanity needs greater power.
SYSTEM: We have to make it happen at any cost.
SYSTEM: …. …. …. …. …. …. …. ….
Seele returned to SAKURA and found her staring at the sakura pendant she held.
SAKURA looked up as though she noticed Seele’s gaze.
SAKURA: What is it, Seele?
Seele: Nothing. It seems that you know this place inside out.
SAKURA: Are you worried? Don’t be. I was a MOTH, but they’re now my enemies.
SAKURA: I won’t harm you, and I won’t bring you back to that place.
Seele: The girl you’re looking for… is she family?
SAKURA: She is my younger sister and my only family.
SAKURA: Her name is RIN. Like you, she was imprisoned here.
SAKURA: The MOTHs locked her up, but she’s innocent.
Seele: That’s why you’re here.
SAKURA: She was supposed to be in the same cell as you, but you were the only one there.
SAKURA: I should have asked earlier, but what’s your story?
SAKURA: Let’s try to learn about each other. While you were passed out, you kept mumbling a name.
SAKURA: “Bronya”, right? Who is she?
Seele: …
Seele: Bronya is my sister and my family too. She’s the most important one to me.
Seele: She’s strong and sweet like you. She cared for me and always stood up for me.
Seele: I’ll forget my troubles when she’s around.
SAKURA: Where is she now?
Seele: We were separated. Bronya is outside.
Seele: She’s definitely worried about me right now.
Seele: I can’t just wait here. I must get out of here and find her.
Seele: Bronya has always protected me.
Seele: But I don’t want to be a burden anymore.
SAKURA: She will never treat you like one. You’re definitely not a burden.
SAKURA responded quite strongly to Seele’s words. The girl stood up and looked at her.
She pinned the sakura pendant on her chest and it glistened brightly.
SAKURA: I will help you leave this place, Seele.
SAKURA: The MOTHs have imprisoned too many innocent children like you and RIN. You’re supposed to be free.
SAKURA: It’s dangerous outside. Once we get out, I’ll take you to our home. Then we can find Bronya together.
She spoke carefully, hoping to gain Seele’s trust.
SAKURA: Oh, and sakura flowers… Have you seen a sakura tree before?
Seele: Sakura? I’ve only read about them.
SAKURA: There are sakura trees in the town square near my home. They bloom in spring and shower the place with pink petals.
SAKURA: This suffering world hardly has any heart-warming sights anymore.
SAKURA: RIN really loves those sakura trees. I believe you’ll like them too.
SAKURA: So let’s escape together, alright?
Seele: Mhm…
SYSTEM: …. …. …. …. …. …. …. ….
SAKURA: The results are out. RIN was transferred to the 33rd floor underground. We should go.
Seele: (SAKURA looks cold and detached, but I can feel her kind and gentle heart.)
Seele: (She’s almost like Bronya…)
SAKURA: …!
SAKURA: Wait for me, Seele…
SAKURA: Not good. Trouble has found us.


CG plays wherein a mysterious man reveals themselves from the shadows, wielding what appears to be the Cleaver of ShamasH:
???: Give up now, SAKURA.


Gameplay 12-4 - Growing Doubts:
CG plays wherein Theresa narrates a recap of what has happened so far involving the Eye of the Deep:
Theresa: To retrieve the lost Gem of Desire, the Hyperion crew planned to enter the Sea of Quanta through the Eye of the Deep.
Theresa: On the eve of the operation, Einstein was mysteriously assaulted and went missing.
Theresa: To recover the Gem, Bronya dived into the Sea of Quanta right before the portal closed, while Theresa and the others were still caught in the chaos of The Deep…


The Deep. Outside the Sea of Quanta.
Theresa: Lili, watch Roza’s six!
Theresa: Stay frosty. I’m not detecting any more unknown hostiles, but the Honkai is still attacking!
Rozaliya: Theresa, Bronya… Bronya jumped into the Sea of Quanta!
Rozaliya: Why… Why did she do that?! The hole closed, she can’t come back anymore!
Theresa: Calm down, Roza!
Theresa: Bronya does not act on impulse. There must be a good reason.
Theresa: The Eye has already closed. We need to control the battlefield and then try to contact her!
Liliya: Da. Theresa is right, Roza.
Liliya: I’m worried about Bronya too, but we need to get rid of the enemies first.
Rozaliya: You’re right… We shall fight! We can’t let Matushka baby us all the time!
Rozaliya: Come on, Lili! Let’s protect Matushka and Theresa together!
Theresa: I can defend myself.
Theresa: (The kids have calmed down. They should be able to handle the Honkai beasts.)
Theresa: (Please be safe, Bronya.)
The Deep. Upper Zone.
SYSTEM: Space-time curvature has been reset. Honkai level is now ZERO. The Eye has closed.
Cocolia: WHAT?! Bronya…
Cocolia’s heart sank as Bronya’s comm signals were cut.
Gray Serpent: She jumped into the Sea. What a brave girl.
Cocolia: Gray Serpent… why did you open the Eye on your own?!
Gray Serpent: Opening the Eye was part of the deal. I simply chose the right timing.
Cocolia: You dragged Bronya into this! She wasn’t part of the deal!
Gray Serpent: It was you who brought her in.
Gray Serpent: Your clumsy security didn’t keep Einstein out. She should be the one going inside.
Cocolia: Our deal is over if anything happens to Bronya!
Gray Serpent: That’s not how you do business.
Gray Serpent: Unfortunately, she lacks Seele’s immense resistance. The Sea isn’t exactly an enjoyable place.
Gray Serpent: I can only pray that your Sovereign would save her life.
Cocolia: Do you think I’m joking, worm?
Swoosh…
Cocolia drew her pistol and held it against the back of Gray Serpent’s head.
Gray Serpent: …And what are you doing this time?
Cocolia: I’ll say this one more time. I want Bronya returned without harm.
Gray Serpent: Cocolia, we both know who we are. We stop at nothing to get what we want.
Gray Serpent: That’s why I was so impressed by your “improvisation”.
Gray Serpent: You provoked the rebel in Bronya and maneuvered her into entering the Sea instead of Einstein.
Gray Serpent: You convinced me that you’re the one we’re looking for.
Gray Serpent: Please don’t tell me I’m mistaken.
Cocolia: …
Bronya: Matushka lied to the Bronya.
Bronya: The Bronya… used to trust Matushka most…
Cocolia: …
Cocolia: …You’re wrong, snake.
Cocolia: We’re different!


CG plays wherein Cocolia resolves herself to shooting Gray Serpent, but is interrupted by a second one appearing behind her, brandishing a gun of their own and seemingly firing:
Cocolia: You can finish your deal in hell!
Gray Serpent: Humph, hell?
Gray Serpent: Guess who’s going to hell now.


Gameplay 12-5 - Danger Everywhere:
Another Gray Serpent appeared, a perfect mirror image of the other.
The two gazed at the fallen Cocolia in perfect synchrony as though they shared the same mind.
Gray Serpent: You disappoint me. You allowed foolish animal instinct to get the better of you.
Gray Serpent: “We’re different”? Did you even hear yourself?!
Cocolia: What?
Liliya: A gunshot? What happened?
Rozaliya: It’s… Matushka?!
Theresa: Gray Serpent? Why is he here?!
Gray Serpent: Miss Theresa, gratitude for your hospitality aboard the Hyperion.
Gray Serpent: I hope you still remember me. Our deal is not yet done.
Liliya: There are… 2 of them?
Rozaliya: Whoa, these guys are twins too?
Cocolia: Roza, Lili, run!
Rozaliya: Matushka! Are you alright?! We’re here to save you.
Gray Serpent: Cocolia, do you know why we left you alive?
Gray Serpent: Because I want you to pay for your choice. It will be worse than death, I guarantee that.
Gray Serpent: The World Serpent does not tolerate betrayal.
The 2 Gray Serpents moved in sync and took out injectors from their pockets.
They then pressed the injector needles against their necks.
Theresa: What… are they up to?
They pulled the trigger and emptied the liquid contents into their bodies.
Their bodies inflated rapidly like balloons.
The metallic cyborgs instantly turned into giants covered in magenta and cyan-colored carapace.
No one would have known that they were 2 cyborgs known as the Gray Serpent.
Theresa: How did the Gray Serpents turn into Honkai beasts?
Rozaliya: HEY! Honkai beasts and twins?! They’re ripping off the Vodka Girls!
Liliya: Roza Idiotka, this isn’t the time for your nonsense.
Gray Serpent: I guess it’s time to check out what the Jackal made for us…
Gray Serpent: …And how it does in the field.
Rozaliya: They can talk?! Ewwwww!!!
Liliya: Quiet, Roza.
Theresa: (That’s impossible! How did they retain their human thoughts after the transformation?)
Theresa: (And they’re moving with human intelligence and agility! I’ve never seen anything like this before!)
The relentless chains forced the giant beasts into a gradual retreat.
Theresa: (Something feels wrong…)
Theresa: (Despite human intelligence, they’re just 2 Emperor-class beasts…)
Theresa: (...Up against a legendary S-rank Valkyrie with strong support!)
Theresa: (He must have something up his sleeve. I gotta get the kids out of here!)
Theresa: Roza, Lili, leave them to me! You girls are to bring Cocolia to safety!
Liliya: Roza, let’s get out of here.
Rozaliya: No, I’m staying to help!
Rozaliya: This guy ambushed Matushka and hurt her bad…
Gray Serpent: Theresa is right. Run, Rozaliya!
Gray Serpent: I don’t really like hurting my own kind.
Rozaliya: BLEGH! I’m definitely NOT your kind! Try a better pickup line, you worm!
Gray Serpent: Hah. Remember the process that saved both you and your sister from death?
Gray Serpent: I used the same tech to turn into this.
Rozaliya: What?!
Gray Serpent: Testing on you and other subjects helped us optimise the formula for creating a human-Honkai chimera.
Gray Serpent: And your foolish Matushka thought she got the better end of the deal.
Rozaliya: I won’t let you talk about Matushka that way!
Theresa: Calm down, Roza, he’s trying to anger you!
Before Theresa could finish her words, the twin Honkai beasts leaped into the air.
With unbelievable speed, they fused in mid-air and stretched out their arm to grab the girl.
Rozaliya: …!!
Liliya: Roza, be careful!
Liliya pushed Rozaliya aside with her entire might but found herself captured by the fused beast.
Liliya: Hngh…!!
Liliya: Le-Let go of me…
Gray Serpent: Hmm… I’ve caught the wrong one. No matter. It will make no difference.
Gray Serpent: Time for a snack!


CG plays wherein the newly fused Gray Serpent Assaka absorbs Liliya for extra power:
Gray Serpent: Take a deep breath now…
Gray Serpent: Because it’s going to be your last!
Liliya: Roza… run!


Gray Serpent: …
Gray Serpent: Discretion is better than valor. Secrecy is also a useful skill.
Gray Serpent: But you’ve made a fatal error, Einstein.
Gray Serpent: This planet is out of safe places.
Einstein: …!
Einstein: Where am I?
A dizzy Einstein struggled to get back on her feet.
Einstein: Looks like I’m still in The Deep.
Einstein: My attacker didn’t kill me. Perhaps I’m still of some use.
???: You’re finally up.
Einstein: …! Who’s there?
The voice came from outside the door. Wary, Einstein took a look and found someone outside the room.
Her eyes adjusted to the dim light and gave her a clearer look at the stranger’s face.
What she saw rendered her speechless.
Schrodinger: I wish you could see that precious look on your face.
Einstein: Schrodinger? Why are you here? Didn’t you…
Schrodinger: Bad case of energy imbalance, loss of physical form, and vanished into the unknown?
Schrodinger: Indeed. That accident destabilised my physical existence and transformed me into a quantum entity.
Schrodinger: For decades I was kept on the other side of the “door”.
Einstein: We’ve been looking for you, but you left no trace.
Schrodinger: I’ve seen familiar faces on the other side, but now I’m sure they’re not the people I used to know.
Schrodinger: In layman’s terms, I fell to the bottom of the Sea of Quanta. It’s a blank, empty world.
Schrodinger: I managed to get out but lost my “beacon” to return to this world.
Schrodinger: And then you activated that device.
Einstein: That device being the Eye of the Deep?
Schrodinger: I’ve no idea what you did. You were the only one I knew amongst these people.
Schrodinger: Ambient energy levels are now off the charts. Even in my bubble universe, I knew something was off.
Schrodinger: All this energy came from a single point that I can’t approach.
Einstein: It’s the Gem of Desire. Someone touched it.
Einstein: What exactly happened in the Sea? Tell me what you know.
Schrodinger: Let’s talk along the way.
Swoosh…
The indicator light turned green and the door opened.
Schrodinger: Our conversation will take a while…


Act 2 - Twilight:
Gameplay 12-6 - Mazarine Beast:
Rozaliya: …Lili?
Rozaliya: Lili!!!
Gray Serpent: Do you regret this, Rozaliya? You delivered her into my hands.
Rozaliya: Give Lili back to me!!!
Gray Serpent: Good. Get angry and let it take over. Give in to the beast within you.
Gray Serpent: You will taste even better than Liliya.
Rozaliya: You despicable bastard!
Theresa: Rozaliya, calm down.
Theresa: Roza, calm down now!
Theresa: He’s trying to make you angry on purpose!
Rozaliya: But… Lili… she…
Rozaliya: Lili isn’t talking to me anymore…
Rozaliya gazed at the giant beast with despair. It only unleashed a feral growl.
Gray Serpent: Hmm, I like this sound.
Gray Serpent: Click-clack… something cracking and slowly falling into the abyss.
Theresa: …You maniac!
A vortex of chains tore through the air, forcing the enemy to back off.
Gray Serpent: Your strikes are weak, Theresa. I guess you don’t want to harm Blue.
Gray Serpent: Of course. You’re a school Principal and she’s just an innocent, young girl.
Theresa: …!
The Gray Serpent spoke in a cruel, sadistic tone that pierced the truth of the matter.
The girls dared not attack for fear of injuring Liliya within the beast.
Every passing moment pushed Liliya into greater danger.
Theresa suffered from the same. The activated Honkai genes whittled away at her consciousness.
Desires for blood and destruction clouded her mind. Senses became heightened. Minor cuts caused extreme pain.
But it also enabled her to detect something that she wouldn’t normally notice.
Theresa: ..Hmm?
It didn’t come from her arms… but the chains twined around them.
The chains of Judah sent irregular vibrations to her body.
Theresa: (What is this?)
BAM!
A Titan landed right in front of Rozaliya and deployed its shield.
Cocolia’s weak voice could be heard over the comm links. She was gravely wounded and could hardly keep herself standing.
Cocolia: Theresa…
Theresa: Cocolia?
Cocolia: This mech won’t last… take Roza to safety…
Cocolia: I’ll… try to… buy some time…
Theresa: No, wait…
Cocolia: We had our differences… but I’m begging you, please save her…
Theresa: No, Cocolia, I’m not saving just her…
Theresa: I’m saving both of them!
BAM!
The blue Assaka smashed one of the Titans into pieces.
But dark chains sprung out from the debris and fastened themselves around the beast.
Theresa: Roza, calm down and listen to me.
Rozaliya: What is it? Theresa…
Theresa: You have a keener sense of smell. You must have smelt her…
Theresa: Lili is still around.
Rozaliya: What?!
Theresa: It’s very faint, but she’s calling out to us for help.
Rozaliya: Oh… it’s true!
Rozaliya: It’s so light… but only Lili has this sweet scent!
Rozaliya: That monster is emitting Lili’s scent! I got it! I know where Lili is!
Theresa: Gray Serpent swallowed Liliya but could not incorporate her quickly enough.
Theresa: We must cut the monster open and free her!
Rozaliya: Right! Time to chop this freak into a million and one pieces!
Theresa: Calm down, girl! We only have one shot before Lili is lost forever.
Theresa: Listen carefully to what I say. We’re doing this together.
Theresa: I will keep him busy and immobilise him.
Theresa: You’ll locate where Liliya is. When he stops moving, you’ll deliver a precision cut and open its carapace and matrix.
Rozaliya: Wha-What? I can’t do it!
Rozaliya: I’m only good at breaking up things. Being precise is Lili’s role!
Theresa: Roza, you’re the only one who’s connected to Lili’s heart and soul.
Theresa: Aren’t you and Lili the best partners?
Theresa: Have faith in yourself. Because Lili trusts you!
Rozaliya: Bu-But…
Rozaliya: …
Rozaliya: Alright…
Rozaliya: Let’s get her back, Theresa!
Dark chains danced around Theresa whose eyes shone like the setting sun.
SYSTEM: #WARNING: Active element level critical.#
The cold voice whispered in her ears, reminding her of a potentially fatal choice to make.
But she made up her mind.
Theresa: The stage is set. Time to shine, Roza.
Theresa: This is the performance of your life!
SYSTEM: #Level 4 restrictions lifted.#


CG plays wherein lifts the final restriction of her Godsbane battlesuit in a last ditch effort to defeat Gray Serpent:
Theresa: Blood Knight, if you haven’t shown everything you’ve got…
Theresa: Now is the time!!
Theresa: We shall not lose!














Gameplay 12-7 Crescent Verdict:
Crimson blood gave way to dark twilight, like a bleeding sun fleeing before the ebon night.
Blood Knight: Moonlight finally assumed its true form.
Gray Serpent: …What is this?
Theresa: You’ve never seen this before, right?
Theresa: Looks like you need an intel update.
SWOOSH!
Theresa clenched her chains to rein the monster in.
Theresa: (I gotta… create an opening for Roza…)
Theresa: (Almost there…)
The pitch-black chains leaped, twisted, and danced back and forth.
The Soulium links groaned and screeched on the verge of breaking. The monster was finally bound.
Gray Serpent: …Hngh!
Theresa: (It worked. It’s been stopped!)
Theresa: Roza, now!
…
…
Rozaliya: (No one…)
Rozaliya: (No one… has my back…)
Rozaliya: (I’m feeling a teeny bit too nervous without Lili around…)
Rozaliya: (...Just a teeny-weeny.)
Rozaliya: (Theresa is fighting… I’m not sure if I can do this.)
Rozaliya: (We only have one chance, and my tail can’t stop shaking…)
Rozaliya: …
Rozaliya: (But… but…)
Rozaliya: (I’m doing this no matter what!)
Rozaliya: (Bronya would never hesitate if it was Seele. And I’m definitely not losing to her!)
Rozaliya: (Lili and I are meant to be together forever!)
Rozaliya opened her eyes with determination. It was her time.
Theresa: Roza, now!
Rozaliya: I’m coming…!
Rozaliya began to run.
She leaped over the chains and debris and dashed right towards the trapped beast.
Liliya’s “voice” flowed like a stream into her heart.
Rozaliya: Sleeping Beauty, help me now!
Rozaliya: Lili, come back! I’ll be… lonely without you!
She lifted the greatsword to strike the monster with all her might…
Gray Serpent: …This isn’t the end of me!
The monster suddenly broke free from the chains and swung its giant arm at the girl.
Theresa: No!
Cocolia: Roza!
TING!
His attack missed.
The fist glanced across her blade and miss her by a hair’s breadth before being viciously deflected.
Rozaliya: I knew you would ambush me…!
Rozaliya had seen how Liliya retaliated against her enemies in numerous battles.
And now Liliya’s signature move would carry Rozaliya through…
Rozaliya: I’ll turn you into stardust!


CG plays wherein Rozaliya cuts through Gray Serpent and saves Liliya:
Rozaliya: Lili Idiotka…
Rozaliya: Rise and shine!


Rozaliya: Theresa, Matushka… I did it!
Rozaliya: Lili… Lili’s fine!
Theresa: Good job, Roza! Now get away from there!
Gray Serpent: Ugh…
Theresa: You lost, Gray Serpent. No more tricks!
Gray Serpent: Humph, this wasn’t expected. I underestimated you, Theresa.
Gray Serpent: But this isn’t over yet…
After spitting out his last words, Gray Serpent’s broken body exploded and turned to ash.
Theresa: Did he just self-destruct? Who the hell is he?
???: It appears that problems have been solved in my absence.
Theresa: Oh, Dr. Einstein?!
Einstein: Madam Theresa, sorry for making you worry.
Cocolia: Einstein…
Einstein: Cocolia, there are quite a few businesses to settle after this.
Einstein: Be glad that we’re in the same boat right now.
Einstein: Hand over command of your forces in The Deep. I need them to stop the Schicksal Valkyries.
Cocolia: …
Cocolia: Humph, I understand… it’s “mutually beneficial”.
Cocolia: I beg you, professor…
Einstein: I’ll let your daughters tend to you. We’ll take over from here…
Einstein: Events in the Sea of Quanta may be worse than we thought.


Gameplay 12-8 - Uninvited:
Kevin: That’s enough, SAKURA.
SAKURA: Step aside, Kevin. I know what I’m doing.
Kevin: I know too. That’s why I’m stopping you. Stop now before it’s too late, SAKURA.
Kevin: You’re turning yourself against humanity.
SAKURA: Against humanity?
SAKURA: RIN is innocent! She didn’t do anything! You have no right to treat her as a danger nor lock her up!
Kevin: We have detected unique Honkai energy signatures inside her. She is the 12th. That is a fact.
SAKURA: What can that Honkai signature tell us? We’re MANTIS fighting for humanity, but we also have Honkai genes.
SAKURA: RIN did not exhibit any traits. It’s under control! She won’t hurt anyone!
SAKURA: You can’t just take away her life and freedom like this.
Kevin: I know how you feel, SAKURA.
Kevin: But the power of the 11th Herrscher was a nightmare. We never knew that until it hit us.
Kevin: We can’t risk this again.
Kevin: I know RIN’s different, but we need to keep her under surveillance. Trust Dr. MEI. She knows what to do.
SAKURA: I never doubted Dr. MEI, but I distrust The Moth Who Chases the Flames.
SAKURA: Kevin, you know they see us as something else.
SAKURA: I can stomach that. But now RIN is in their hands, and I can’t stand idle.
SAKURA: Stand aside!
Kevin: SAKURA, MOTH needs you. We need you too.
Kevin: I’m not going to hurt you, but I can’t let you pass.
SAKURA: Kevin, we have fought alongside each other for a while…
SAKURA: …But you have no idea of what I’m really capable of.
Kevin: …
Her katana gave a chilling sheen while his greatsword erupted in flames. Time seemed to freeze.
The silver-haired soldier walked slowly to his targets with blazing sword in hand.
One step, two steps…
…And then they disappeared.
Kevin: …What?!
He turned around instinctively and saw that his targets were already behind him.
They kept running without looking back. It was then that the alarm went off.
Kevin: An attack alarm?
Kevin: No. It wasn’t them. This came from the other floors. Curses…!
MEI: Kevin, where are you? I need to deploy you right now.
Kevin: MEI, what’s going on?
MEI: The Herrscher has awakened.
SAKURA: He didn’t follow us. Was it because of the alarm?
SAKURA: I don’t know what happened, but it definitely helped.
SAKURA: I’d hate to fight him head-on.
Seele: Ah…!! SAKURA, watch out!
SAKURA: Zombies? Why are they here?!
SAKURA: These zombies used to be base personnel! What happened?
Seele: Hngh!
“Seele”: (What? What’s going on?)
“Seele”: (My powers… they’re going out of control…)
SAKURA: What’s wrong, Seele?


CG plays wherein Seele’s Stigmata goes out of control, responding to the awakening of the 12th:
Seele: No… No!
Seele: Save me…
Seele: Bronya…


Gameplay 12-9 - Undying Shadows:
SAKURA: Seele…?
SAKURA: Seele! Wake up, Seele!
Seele: S-SAKURA… What happened to me?
SAKURA: It’s okay now. You’re alright.
Seele: What did Seele… do?
SAKURA: Your Stigmata was acting strangely. It might be caused by the zombie outbreak.
SAKURA: It’s fine now. We’re safe.
Seele: I… I lost control of myself again…
SAKURA: Seele, don’t feel guilty about your power. It’s a part of you.
Seele: But I’m not as strong as you…
Seele dropped her head in frustration, but felt something warm. It was SAKURA’s soothing hand.
SAKURA: This isn’t about being strong or weak. Everyone has something to protect.
SAKURA: Even the weakest may value something and won’t give it up without a fight.
Seele: …
SAKURA: You probably thought about doing whatever you can to save it.
SAKURA: That thought alone can make you strong.
Seele: Were you thinking the same when protecting RIN?
SAKURA: I believe all siblings do that.
Seele: I’ll keep that in mind.
Seele: …
Seele: (What… was that…)
“Seele”: The Stigmata went out of control. Even I couldn’t stop it.
“Seele”: What’s in this place that frightens you so?
Seele: (I don’t know. But it feels… terrifying.)
Seele: (I felt a sudden surge of unbelievable fury… and sorrow…)
Seele: (What’s wrong with this bubble universe?)


Gameplay 12-10 - The Deep Abyss:
Alarm: …!!
Alarm: Attention, all units. Zombies have entered the 31st floor. The system will initiate quarantine protocol in 5 seconds!
Alarm: All non-combat personnel shall enter shelter facilities at once and avoid contact with the wounded!
Seele: There are more and more zombies!
SAKURA: (The 31st floor… 2 floors away from the 33rd…)
SAKURA: (Come on… move faster!)
Seele: SAKURA, we’ve reached the 33rd floor!
Seele: Kyaa! Look at all this blood!
SAKURA: Stay safe, Seele. I must find RIN!
SAKURA: We’ll leave as soon as I find her!
SAKURA dashed along the corridor. The intensifying alarm kept rattling her nerves.
SAKURA: (No… don’t tell me I’m too late…)
SAKURA: (Where are you, RIN?)
SAKURA: …Ah!
SAKURA: (There! 769… 767… RIN’s room is up ahead!)
SAKURA: RIN! I’m here!
The cell was unlocked. SAKURA charged in…
And there in the room…
Her eyes searched for…
That familiar face…


Gameplay 12-11 - Weeping Petals:
The air smelled of spilled blood.
SAKURA’s eyes widened. The sight burned a mark in her memories.
SAKURA: …
Seele: No… why…
Seele: She… she’s…
Seele covered her mouth and tried hard to swallow that cruel word.
But it still found a way to her shivering voice.
Seele: Why did this happen? Who did this?
The cuts and wounds testified the final moments of despair and terror of the young girl.
Who would do such a diabolical thing?
But it no longer mattered.
Nothing was left in this place except for evidence of malice.
Tap, tap.
Footsteps approached. Monsters lurking in the dark stalked their prey…
Seele: The zombies are behind us! SAKURA!
SAKURA: RIN…
SAKURA: If only…
SAKURA: If only I was a bit faster…
“Seele: (She can’t hear anything. It’s useless!)”
Seele: …
Seele: She needs time… I’ll buy her some time!
Seele: Ah!
Fiery flames came swirling in, reducing every zombie to dust that scattered in the air.
A silver-haired warrior stood in the heart of this firestorm.
Kevin: …
Kevin’s gaze swept across Seele and filled her heart with fear.
But Seele was not his target. Having defeated every zombie, Kevin extinguished the firestorm.
He walked up to the two girls.
Kevin: SAKURA…
SAKURA: …
She did not answer.
Like her recently deceased sister, SAKURA’s heart was swallowed by the abyss.
Shock, denial, rage, or tears… he thought about a million possibilities.
But SAKURA simply sat there, drowning in the nightmare of her reality and refusing to wake.
Kevin: …
He shook his head and connected to the comm channels.
Kevin: MEI, this is Kevin. The zombies on the 33rd floor have been neutralised.
MEI: Good job. We’ve purged zombies at every level as well.
MEI: Did you detect anything from the Herrscher host?
Kevin: …Nothing.
MEI: I won’t call off the alarm yet. Stay alert. Reinforcements are on the way.
Kevin: Roger that.
Seele: What are you going to do? Please don’t hurt SAKURA…
Seele: She just wanted to protect her sister. Her sister was innocent.
Kevin: The power of the 12th manifested in the form of an airborne contagion.
Kevin: Soldiers in the base murdered her without orders, which therefore activated her Herrscher powers.
Kevin: She was the cause of the zombie outbreak.
Kevin: SAKURA was wrong. RIN turned out to be an actual Herrscher. SAKURA shall be held responsible for the break-in.
Seele: But RIN never wanted to do that!
Seele: If the soldiers didn’t kill her, none of this would have happened!
Kevin: Even if we stopped the soldiers, something else would eventually bring her to the breaking point.
Kevin: Her fate was sealed the moment the Honkai made her its Herrscher.
Kevin: This is the enemy we fight. This is the Honkai.
Anger flashed in Kevin’s eyes. The MANTIS clenched his fist tightly.
He tried to speak calmly, but his quaking body betrayed his pain and fury.
MEI: Kevin… Kevin, can you hear me?
MEI: Bad news. The Herrscher survived.
Kevin: What?
MEI: The base system was attacked by an unknown virus. Our defense programs are down.
MEI: Every facility and mech is under its control. It’s now breaking into the launch system of our missile silos.
Kevin: Hold on. I’ll be right with you!
MEI: The 12th Herrscher… is a sentient virus…
MEI: Its true form… the Herrscher of Corruption…
SYSTEM: Buzz…
Kevin: …! Comm systems are down!
Seele: Wha… What happened? Why are the doors shut?
Kevin: Take SAKURA somewhere safe! The Herrscher is still on the attack…
SAKURA: RIN… is she still alive?
Her voice froze the air.
SAKURA stood up and gazed at Kevin with her vacant eyes.
SAKURA: Kevin, where is she?
Kevin: SAKURA, what are you trying to do?
SAKURA: I’m going to find her.
Kevin: You’re out of your mind. She isn’t RIN anymore!
Seele: Don’t go, SAKURA…
SAKURA: Seele…
Seele: It’s dangerous. You might…
SAKURA: This is why I must go. Don’t stop me.
SAKURA: RIN must be very lonely right now. She fears being alone…
SAKURA: …She needs me.
Seele: …
Seele became silent.
Sirens, gunfire, and explosions created a cacophony. Seele knew it was a one way trip for SAKURA.
But she couldn’t say no.
She couldn’t find any reason to stop her.
Seele: …
Seele: Let me go with you!
Kevin: Stop this! RIN is already dead!
SAKURA: …
Kevin: Please stop, SAKURA!
SAKURA: Seele, I’m sorry…
Swoosh…
SAKURA drew her blade and froze the space-time fabric.
She granted herself a few seconds of serenity.
She was the only one who could move freely in this world without light.
SAKURA: I must leave you here.
She whispered as she dashed past Seele.
SAKURA: I pray you’ll find Bronya…
Seele: Ah!
Kevin: …
Seele: What happened? Where’s SAKURA?
Kevin: She’s gone…
Seele: We must go help her. She’s in danger!
Kevin: …
Kevin: …There’s no need for that.
…
…
SYSTEM: Buzz…
MEI: Kevin, I made it.
MEI: The quarantine program trapped the Herrscher in the mainframe. I’ll try to transfer her to the black box.
MEI: …Kevin, what’s wrong? Can you hear me?
Kevin: Sorry, MEI, can you give me a few moments?
Kevin: I have something… to take care of…
SAKURA: …
SAKURA: Kevin… and Seele?
She laid amidst the metal debris like a flower blooming in endless ruins.
Her treasured pendant had withered along with her.
Seele: SAKURA! NYET! NYET!
Kevin: …
SAKURA: Kevin… I knew you were right…
Kevin: MEI has sealed the Herrscher.
Kevin: She told me that the Herrscher behaved aberrantly in its final moments.
Kevin: MEI didn’t miss the opportunity.
SAKURA: Thank you, Kevin…
SAKURA: I was with her… she was still my sister… till the very end…
SAKURA: I’m proud… to be her sister…
Kevin: …
Kevin: You regret nothing, SAKURA. You’ve done your best.
She seemed to smile as life ebbed from her eyes.
Maybe she saw something that only she could see.
SAKURA: Kevin, one last thing… a favor… please…
Kevin: I’m listening.
SAKURA: Seele… take her to our home…
SAKURA: The town square… with the sakura trees…
Kevin: I’ll try.
Seele: SAKURA…
SAKURA: Seele… don’t be sad…
SAKURA: There are things… beyond our power…
SAKURA: But… if you have someone… to protect…
SAKURA: When you… stand with her… under the sakura trees…
SAKURA: You’ll find that… the world is still beautiful…
SAKURA: And you’ll know… that there’s still hope… for your world…
The final embers of life left her eyes with her last words. The bubble slowly extinguished with the life of the MANTIS.
Seele: SAKURA… SAKURA…
Her gentle sobs faded into the darkness and left nothing but silence.
…
…
???: Hector knew Troy would fall, while Achilles knew death was foretold.
???: Yet both warriors stepped into battle just as fearless and bold.
???: There was no escape, but their courage only grew.
???: True heroes they were, and we shall be too.
Seele: Huh?
Seele: Who said that?
???: I brought her remains back to her home. But when I arrived…
???: There was nothing but an irradiated wasteland.
???: The Herrscher did break into the silos and destroyed the 3 remaining human cities.
???: I stood in the ruins of the square…
???: There was nothing. Not even a single petal.


CG plays wherein Seele is returned to the Sea of Quanta, coming face-to-face with Kevin yet again:
Seele: …Ah!!
Kevin: On the scorched land…
Kevin: I made a promise to her… to everyone…
Kevin: No matter what it takes…
Kevin: Humanity shall defeat the Honkai!


Act 3 - Torrents:
Gameplay 12-12 - Collapsed Dimension:
Seele: You’re the Serpent! You created that bubble universe!
Kevin: It’s my memories… and the promises I failed to fulfill.
Kevin: Memories of my friends, the will I’ve inherited… and a future that I promised to make…
Kevin: These visions haunt me every day.
Kevin: They remind me of the fact that the Honkai destroyed humanity in my era.
Seele: (Humanity… destroyed by the Honkai?)
Bronya: Step away from that man, Seele!
A roaring bike tore through the space-time fabric. The rider then maneuvered the vehicle between the two.
Seele: Ah… Bronya!
Bronya: The Bronya is glad that Seele is alright.
Bronya: Mr. Welt, is this man the Serpent?
Welt: This is the first time I’ve seen his true form.
Welt: But his aura matches what I sensed in the Sea of Quanta.
Kevin: We meet again, Herrscher of Reason. And… your successor.
Welt: He’s talking to me… he can sense my presence?
Kevin: I thought you were an apostle of the Honkai, but the maze revealed to me your past.
Kevin: Your intentions are true. You did fight for humanity despite being a Herrscher.
Kevin: So I helped that girl and hoped that she would bring you to me.
Kevin: The Honkai is our common enemy. I do not wish to fight you.
Bronya: Speak all you want. We will not let you escape this place.
Kevin: You think you can stop me?
A dark tide gushed through the fissures and covered the man. It twisted like an amorphous monster.
Energy gathered in Kevin’s palm and condensed into an emerald-like gem.
Bronya: That’s… the Gem of Desire…
Kevin: I’ve slept in the Sea for 1500 years.
Kevin: For 15 centuries, the Honkai ravaged my home while I drowned in past memories, powerless to do anything.
Kevin: But the Serpent shall return.
Kevin: I shall fulfill my duties whether you accept it or not.
Bronya: The Bronya will not allow this.
Azure hover guns blasted the area, ripping Quantum Shadows to shreds.
Bronya rode the roiling tide of shadows and charged towards the silver-haired man.
But her attack was foiled.


CG plays wherein Kevin takes the Core of Reason from Bronya, forcing Welt to manifest himself around it to protect her:
Kevin: Bronya Zaychik…
Kevin: You crossed one bubble universe after another…
Kevin: Now you’re finally here, and all worn out…
Kevin: Your body is lagging behind your will…
Kevin: …Huh?


Welt: Do not hurt her!
Welt pounced at the Gem only to be knocked aside by an invisible force.
The enemy remained motionless but crushing blows rained down from all directions.
Welt: Ugh…
Kevin: You reconstructed your body with your Herrscher powers to protect the girl. You’ve grown stronger.
Kevin: But what can you do with your broken body?
Kevin: I see great potential in you and the two girls.
Kevin: The World Serpent needs people like you.
Welt: We will never agree with your ideals.
Kevin: I don’t need an answer now. You’ll come around one day.
Kevin: You have my respect. I’m glad to know that there are heroes and visionaries fighting for humanity in this era.
Kevin: But you are like naive children unaware that your ideals will kill you.
Kevin: You know nothing about the Honkai.
Kevin: I shall lead humanity to fulfill the true destiny of the Pioneers.
Kevin: We shall meet again in the real world.




Gameplay 12-13 - Singularity of Destiny:
Bronya: Hngh…
Seele: Bronya! Bronya!
Bronya was in pain. She tried to stand, but blood flowed out from her lips.
It wasn’t just the battle wounds. Her body was afflicted by something more fatal.
The Herrscher Core was eating away at her from within.
Welt: The space is crumbling! This isn’t looking good!
The huge rocks floating in the air suddenly shattered and collapsed, separating Welt from the two girls.
The rocks tumbled, splintered, dissolved, and melted into the fathomless darkness.
A figure suddenly appeared within this dark tide.
Schrodinger: Einstein, I’ve located them.
System: Buzz…
Einstein: Bronya, can you hear me?
Bronya: Dr. Einstein…
Bronya: Doctor… we failed…
Bronya: The Serpent took the Gem and left the Sea…
Einstein: That’s enough. I’ve activated the Eye. Return to real space through the nearest channel.
Bronya: Mr. Welt is still alive, but he’s too far away!
Einstein: Joachim…?
Einstein: You should leave now. I’ll have someone cover his retreat!
Einstein: Quick, you must survive!
Bronya: Grab the Bronya’s hand tightly, Seele! We will be leaving soon.
Bronya: Seele…
Bronya: The Bronya… shall fulfill her promise…
Seele: I know! I know you will!
Seele: I’ll go home with you, Bronya! We’ll be together forever!
Bronya: Da. The Bronya promised you…
Bronya: …
Bronya: To take you away from the Sea of Quanta…


Surging, crushing, pouring, and roaring…
Space groaned like a roiling sea that swallowed everything in sight…












Special CG [Seele] plays:
Bronya: Seele!
Bronya: Seele, hurry up!
Seele: Bronya! Please!
Bronya: Seele…
Bronya: Forgive me…
Seele: Bronya, no… Bronya!!!
“Seele”: You wish to die?
Seele: Bronya…
Seele: Why…
“Seele”: It’s over. Nothing you can do.
“Seele”: This door won’t open!
“Seele”: You can’t save her…
Seele: Bronya!!
Seele: I’m not leaving!! Not without her!!
“Seele”: Enough!
“Seele”: It’s no use…
Seele: You promised… to take me to the sea…
Seele: Move…
Seele: Come on!!
Seele: You pathetic… coward!!!
Seele: Move… aside!
Seele: I’m begging you… the other me…
Seele: Lend me your strength to save Bronya. She always protected us!
“Seele”: You’re hopeless without me!
“Seele”: Go, Seele.
Both: Let us… go rescue her together!
Seele: Bronya… Bronya… Bronya!
Bronya: Seele… is that you?
Seele: Bronya…
Seele: We’ll never be apart now!
















[Dual-Ego] - Song Lyrics:
Back to the time, when I used to feel your hand in mine
Tiniest tenderness, might it melt the ice into tears
Far from the world, that still makes both of my eyes blurred
Not a word could I say to wake up a dreamer
Call out my name, when you see the tide turn me away
Long ago buried heart
Right away torn apart
So it hurts how it lasts
Till I draw one more last final breath
Where to go when to come, across a land bare and dark
May it be the one for all
Burning the horizon out into none
Once in a while, let my shadow stand by your side
Filling the emptiness of your mind, then disappear
Dreams can be real, when a soul is armored in steel
No more fear of right or wrong
Embraced under my shield
Call out my name, when you see the tide turn me away
Long ago buried heart
Right away torn apart
So it hurts how it lasts
Till I draw one more last final breath
Where to go when to come, across a land bare and dark
May it be the one for all
Burning the horizon out into none.


  





Act 4 - Daybreak:
Gameplay 12-14 - Plain of Vigrid:
CG plays wherein Seele wakes Bronya up, now back in the real world:
Seele: Bronya…
Seele: Bronya…
Seele: Bronya!


Bronya: Seele? Where… are we…
Seele: This is the real world.
Bronya: The real world?
Seele: We’re finally back, Bronya.
Bronya: Seele…
BAM!
Rozaliya: Bronya, are you okay?
The door was kicked open and an excited Roza leaped into the room.
She flung herself at Bronya and embraced her with all her strength.
Bronya: Hngh…
Rozaliya: Bronya Idiotka! Why did you jump into the Sea of Quanta! You got us all worried!
Seele: Bronya!
Rozaliya: Kyaa! What’s wrong, Bronya? Are you hurt?
Liliya: Roza Idiotka. Your brooch is hurting her!
Einstein: I’m glad you girls look so energetic.
An angry Einstein walked in and tried to set the crooked door upright.
Einstein: Seele, take these two away. I need to talk to Bronya in private.
Einstein: …Our patient needs some peace and quiet to recover.
Seele: Alright. Roza, Lili, let’s go.
Rozaliya: Rest well, Bronya. We’ll be back soon!
Liliya: We shall not bring Roza next time.
Peace returned to the room after Seele and Liliya dragged a reluctant Rozaliya away.
Einstein: You must be filled with questions, Bronya.
Bronya: Dr. Einstein, what happened after that? The Bronya can’t remember anything after we left the Sea.
Einstein: Seele saved you and brought you back to real space. We then defeated Schicksal forces.
Einstein: The dust has settled for now. We’re safe here.
Bronya: What about the Serpent…
Einstein: …
Bronya: Did he escape?
Einstein: He did, with the power of the Gem.
Einstein: We couldn’t locate him, but I’m afraid he’s in real space as well.
Bronya: …Sorry.
Einstein: Why apologise?
Bronya: The Bronya failed to stop him… the Bronya failed at everything.
Einstein: Don’t blame yourself. It isn’t your fault.
Einstein: He’s way beyond us. We lost the very moment he laid his hand on the Gem of Desire.
Einstein: Welt, Cocolia, and I are responsible for this.
Einstein: Not you.
Einstein: You saved Welt and Seele, and you came back in one piece. That’s what matters.
Einstein: Thank you, Bronya.
Bronya: Is Mr. Welt still alive?
Einstein: Yes. Thanks to you.
Bronya: And… Matushka?
Einstein: We have arrested her.
Einstein: Colluding with enemies, betraying classified data, attacking fellow Anti-Entropy members, unauthorised experiments…
Einstein: She must pay for what she did. She did not contest these accusations.
Einstein: …
Einstein: It’s going to be a while before the Hyperion reaches our Salt Lake base. You can see her if you want.
Swoosh…
Bronya: Matushka Cocolia…
Cocolia: Bronya? I’m glad that you’re fine.
Bronya: What will they do to you?
Cocolia: Einstein has told you everything, I guess.
Cocolia: I don’t know what will happen, and I don’t care. No one cares for the defeated.
Bronya: The Bronya cares.
Cocolia: …
Cocolia: Don’t worry. I’ll be fine.
Cocolia: In times like these, even a traitor is too much of a hassle.
Cocolia: Hmph, who knows. Perhaps they’ll give me a chance to redeem myself.
Bronya: …
Cocolia: But you girls will have to take care of the orphanage from now on.
Bronya: The Bronya shall care for everyone there.
Cocolia: No, Bronya, not just you.
Cocolia: I meant all four of you.
Cocolia: Roza and Lili are kind, always trying to make people smile. But they’re young. They have a lot to learn.
Cocolia: Seele is caring and capable, but she can be weak and indecisive at times.
Cocolia: And you… you’re always trying to do everything.
Bronya: …?
Cocolia: You walk alone with your eyes set on the horizon, but you forget about your friends walking by your side.
Cocolia: They love you and look up to you.
Cocolia: You have what it takes to band them together. Remember to wait and help them.
Cocolia: Home is where everyone is around.
Bronya: You never said anything like this to us before, Matushka…
Bronya: Why…
Cocolia: Indeed. I should have said this earlier…
Cocolia: Why didn’t I?
Cocolia: I don’t know… I really don’t…
Cocolia: I’ve done many things, even things I’m not proud of, and things that I regret.
Cocolia: But I’ll never regret one thing I did.
Cocolia: And that’s bringing you back from the Siberian tundra in the spring of 2012.
Cocolia: I’m proud of you, Bronya.
Far East border. A few days later.
Bronya: Mr. Welt, the Bronya doesn’t understand what you said.
Welt: I’m saying you should keep it. It will be more powerful in your hands.
The black Core hovered above Welt’s palm and illuminated Bronya’s face with its gentle glow.
Welt: Being the Sovereign doesn’t require the Core.
Welt: Power must be handed to someone with better potential.
Welt still wore plenty of bandages beneath his shirt.
Bronya saw Dr. Einstein talking with him at the medical bay, but didn’t know what they had talked about.
Bronya: Why the Bronya? There might be someone better.
Welt: Because Joachim chose you.
Welt: You proved yourself in the Sea of Quanta.
Bronya: But the Bronya was defeated…
Welt: That depends on how you define the meaning of being “defeated”.
Welt: You’ll never lose if you stay true to who you truly are.
Bronya: …
Welt: You don’t have to give me an answer now. Just keep it in mind. Ask yourself what you really want.
Welt: If you accept, I shall personally teach you how to utilise the Core.
Bronya: Understood. Spasibo, Mr. Welt.
Seele: Bronya!
Welt: Your friends are looking for you. We will talk about this later.
Welt: Goodbye, Bronya. Your journey has just begun.
Rozaliya: Bronya, what were you talking about with Mr. Welt?
Rozaliya: Is he making you the next Sovereign?
Liliya: Will you become the next Welt?
Rozaliya: Welt Zaychik?! That’s a man’s name!
Bronya: That will be enough.
Bronya: The Bronya shall not get a new name. The Bronya shall be the Bronya.
Rozaliya: Pfft. Such a downer! I thought I could sponge off Sovereign Zaychik in the future.
Rozaliya: Anyways, Lili and I are going to be Theresa’s sidekicks!
Liliya: Da. Theresa will teach us how to control the Honkai beasts inside us.
Liliya: She said we have good potential but lack professional training.
Rozaliya: We wanted to say no, but the desserts aboard the Hyperion are just… too yummy!
Rozaliya: I’ve never had cakes with sugar and cream before. It’s awesome!
Seele: Bronya, I… will join the Hyperion’s crew too.
Seele: Dr. Einstein seems interested in my… Stigmata. She wants to take a closer look at it.
Seele: I can finally join you on missions.
Bronya: Yes, the Bronya shall introduce you to everyone.
Liliya: Dr. Einstein will be moving the kids at the orphanage to the Salt Lake base. I heard it’s pretty safe there.
Liliya: Roza and I will be there to help out eventually.
Liliya: But… Sin Mal…
Rozaliya: It feels kinda lonely without her.
The rising sun coated the peaceful sea with a splendid sheen, posing a picture of serenity and tranquility.
But they shall not forget that eventful night in the enraged sea.
A night of reunion, farewell, departure, and return…
Everything happened in the blink of an eye and didn’t even leave the slightest trace.
Seele: Many things have happened. Both Anti-Entropy and St. Freya will be busy for a while.
Seele: We can’t simply rely on the grown-ups. We need to work hard too.
Liliya: I wonder… what the future will be like…
Liliya: It seems far away, but feels… pretty close as well.
Bronya: Theresa said that the future is for the children.
Bronya: A better future will never come if the children don’t even believe in it.
Bronya: That’s why she started St. Freya.
Rozaliya: Why does Theresa always talk like a grown-up. Is she really our age?
Bronya: Erm… nyet.
Rozaliya: But I think I know what she’s talking about.
Rozaliya: The future depends on us, right?
Bronya, Seele, and Liliya: Da…
Rozaliya: Well, I guess we can play today and start working tomorrow, right?
Seele: Roza…
Liliya: I knew it.
Bronya: Haha!


CG plays wherein all four of the girls play on the beach, finally fulfilling the promise made all those years ago:
Rozaliya: Let’s play, let’s play!
Rozaliya: But… what do we play?
Rozaliya: You decide, Bronya.
Bronya: Hmm… we finally have four today.
Bronya: Let’s play hide & seek.
















































Game Ch XIII: ARC Nocturne


Act 1 - Nocturnal Hunt:
Gameplay 13-1 - Ranger:
Location: Unknown.
The Gray Serpent walked down the dark corridor with great confidence.
He did not light his way nor make use of a map.
The right directions would appear in his mind at every intersection, as though he had been here many times.
Yet this was the Gray Serpent’s first visit to this abandoned shelter.
This place is holy. It was the place where the Sire returned to the living world.
But then he was sealed in another dimension. The Serpents grew silent and the holy site became a lost secret.
The day finally arrived. His Sire called to him and asked him to fulfill his duty.
He stopped at the end of the path. A massive, metal door barred his way.
He waited for a while. A verbal command appeared like a flash of inspiration. He read it out loud.
Gray Serpent: “Be reborn in destruction”.
The massive door creaked open, overcoming dust and rust that had accumulated for centuries.
There was a hall and a throne. The man seated on it was in the midst of silent contemplation.
Centuries had passed. Powers rose and fell as battles raged across the planet. The past was gone before anyone noticed.
The Gray Serpent had met the man before. He had not changed in the slightest. His will remained untarnished.
He transcended time, space, and the karmic cycle. He was the only hope against the ageless force of destruction.
The man stirred from his thoughts and looked upon his disciple. The Gray Serpent trembled at the sight of his eyes.
Those eyes witnessed both unimaginable miracles and the pain of total annihilation.
Every memory was condensed and forged by a superhuman will into two orbs of cold, unfeeling ice.
Gray Serpent: Forgive your servant for failing to welcome your return in person.
Kevin: How goes the project?
Gray Serpent: We are making progress. This world now has everything we need to activate it.
Gray Serpent: The Herrscher of Reason may delay you, but he cannot stop the progress of history.
Gray Serpent: Jackal’s research is nearly done. She only needs a final verification.
Kevin: Let it begin.
Gray Serpent: Yes, Sire. I have also recovered something, now offered as a gift to celebrate your return.
Gray Serpent: A weapon of such powers should only be wielded by he who leads humanity to its triumphant future.
The Gray Serpent presented the greatsword with both hands.
The all-consuming flame no longer graced the dull blade, but its familiar shape kindled past memories.
He once held this blade to purge the monsters that plagued humanity. He then faced GOD herself.
Kevin: We finally meet again, old friend.
His hands closed around the hilt and gripped it as he once did.
He gazed at the blunt, heavy sword as he had always done before battles, and he had fought thousands of them.
The Soulium weapon vibrated and stirred to life. It responded to his warrior spirit and began to change.
It was more than a weapon. In fact, it felt like a living thing that harbors a soul.
Upon reuniting with its wielder, the core of the mighty sword erupted to life, its weapon spirit re-ignited in fire.
Witnesses from ancient times mythologised it: the sword that guards Eden and the fire that destroyed Sodom…
Centuries passed. The myth became real.
Kevin: We shall fight together again like we used to.
His decree resonated in the hall, a silent thunder that reverberated in the heart of the faithful…
It signaled the coming of the great storm.


Outskirts of Arc City. Late night.
Four months had passed since the Great Honkai Eruption.
More and more people sought refuge in cities against the hordes of pale beasts and zombies.
But the disaster showed no signs of subsiding. The Arc City mech patrols faced another difficult night…
Mech Pilot: Dammit! They’re just like roaches! There are just way too many of them!
Mech Pilot: We’re getting more and more beast incursions… a city-wide martial law has been declared.
Mech Pilot: All our mechs have been deployed to perimeter defense missions.
Alarm: Massive Honkai energy spike detected.
Mech Captain: Alright, boys and girls. Brace yourself for the next wave of roaches…
The beasts swarmed the mech formation before the commander could finish speaking.


CG plays wherein a certain someone arrives just in the nick of time to support the mech formation:
Mech Pilot: Dammit! They just keep coming! Can’t hold them back any longer!
Mech Pilot: It’s only a matter of time before they overrun us!
Mech Captain: Hold the line!
Mech Pilot: Who’s there?!


A cry for help is coming from the broken mecha.
(Hums and buzzes.)
Power system damaged. Unable to move.
Mech Pilot: Anyone there? Help!
Mech Pilot: Thank you so much.
Fu Hua: Regulate your breath, and fight how I’ve taught you.
Fu Hua: Kiana, behind you!
Mech Pilot: Did you see it? That little girl…
Mech Captain: She took down a Honkai beast in less than 30 seconds…
Mech Captain: Is she a monster… no, a superhuman?! Like those you can only see in manga!
Kiana: …All clear.
Fu Hua: We must leave now. We can’t have too many witnesses of your presence.
Kiana: Alright, alright…
The battle ended before the surviving mechs could acquire clear visuals of her face.
They could only recall a moonlit shadow. No one knew when she left.
But two individuals observed everything from the cover of darkness.
Jackal: Gray Serpent’s intel tells me that she actually stayed in Arc City.
Raven: K423 would frequent the sites of Honkai beast incursions. I fear she might interfere with our experiment.
Jackal: …A pest. We have no time for her. Our Sire has returned from the Sea of Quanta and gave us orders to begin.
Jackal: Focus on ending the Schicksal raids. Their agents are in Shenzhou. Don’t let them get in our way.
Raven: I have an idea.
Raven: Since Schicksal is interested in the whereabouts of K423, we can have their agents go after her instead.
Jackal: Good. And I have prepared a gift in case we’re forced to fight them. They’ll be pleasantly surprised.




Gameplay 13-2 - Hunter:
Meanwhile at the floating isles. Schicksal HQ.
Rita: Overseer Otto, we have analysed the intel retrieved from the Ningyo in Arc City.
Rita: Though we lack crucial data for locating K423, the data revealed that she has stayed in that city.
Rita: And the existence of such data means that the World Serpent has been observing K423 as well.
Otto: …Interesting. I wonder what this snake is up to.
Otto: Rita, head back to Arc City. Track down and locate K423.
Rita: But given the current situation, such a mission might alert them to our motives.
Otto: There’s no need for such concerns. You’ll be acting as an official inspector of our business friends.
Otto: We have partners with many major multinationals in different industrial sectors.
Otto: One of them is Heliopolis Life Sciences. They offer free medical services to cities affected by the Honkai.
Otto: For the past 5 months, we’ve been supplying them with Honkai vaccines via their Shenzhou base in Arc City.
Otto: In this mission, you’ll be serving as my proxy and oversee a medical supply shipment to that place.
Otto: Having access to Heliopolis medical records and channels will make your search easier.
Rita: Understood.
En route to Arc City. Schicksal shuttle EOS. Several hours later.
Approaching destination: Arc City, Shenzhou.
SYSTEM: Auto-pilot deactivated. Initiating landing procedures.
Alvitr: Adjutant Rita, reception from Heliopolis is hailing us.
Rita: Tell the crew to stand by. I’ll return once I complete the inspections.
Alvitr: Roger.
Cioara: Welcome, Miss Rossweisse. I’m Cioara, a consultant based in the Shenzhou branch of Heliopolis.
Cioara: I’ll be your official guide for the duration of your visit.


CG plays wherein “Cioara” watches the landing of the Schicksal shuttle with an ominous look on her face.


Rita: The scale of operations here is quite impressive.
Rita: The handover is taking a while. Could you please show me around?
Cioara: Sure. Please follow me.
Cioara: After the Second Eruption ended, Heliopolis has been offering free medical aid…
Cioara: …To people affected by the Honkai Eruption all over the world.
Cioara: In order to be able to transport drugs in time, Heliopolis decided to build biomedical parks in major cities for pharmaceutical manufacturing.
Cioara: Though this park is located on the outskirts of Arc City, it’s still much more convenient than shipping drugs from outside this land.
Rita: The buildings here remind me of ancient Egypt.
Cioara: Hmm… just a preference of our boss.
Rita: The pyramid over there is…
Cioara: It’s the administration tower.
Rita: Very stylish.
Cioara: Drugs manufactured here are shipped not only to Arc City, but also to other areas of Shenzhou.
Rita: It really is a great cause that Heliopolis is contributing to.
Cioara: We couldn’t have done that without Schicksal’s help. You’ve provided all the raw materials for us and made everything possible.
Rita: I think we’ve covered everything about the handover.
Rita: Now let’s get down to business.
Rita: The purpose of this visit is to secure support from Heliopolis.
Rita: Given your ties with the city’s public health system, may I access the Honkai-related health records of the past 5 months?
Cioara: Grant you access to private medical information? I’m afraid…
Rita: This will only benefit Arc City. We know this place is under martial law due to Honkai beast attacks.
Rita: Sometimes, we may need to circumvent a few rules to better protect the people.
Rita: Prevention is better than the cure. Finding the root causes of these events will protect the people and save lives.
Cioara: …I see. I will acquire the data you’ve requested.
Cioara: But try to be careful, Miss Rossweisse. This city is not as safe as it once was.
Rita: Thank you. I will keep your advice in mind.
Cioara: Speaking of protection… Many claimed that a lone ranger saved them from the attacks. One of yours, perhaps?
Rita: …A lone ranger?
Cioara: No one saw her face. No one saw how she arrived or how she left. Perhaps she’s just… an urban legend.
Cioara: People would rather fantasise about superheroes instead of trying to save themselves.
Rita: Indeed. But I’m willing to believe in this hero. I want to believe she exists.
Rita said and smiled with great sincerity.




Gameplay 13-3 - Clue:
Bridge. Schicksal shuttle EOS. A few hours later.
Alvitr: Adjutant, I’ve gone through the data that Heliopolis gave us.
Rita: Alvitr? Echelon 3, am I right?
Alvitr: Yes, I’m squad technician Alvitr! They say you know every Valkyrie by name, and I’ve just found out that it’s true!
Alvitr: They also told me that it’s a great privilege to fight alongside you…
Alvitr: …But you’re often on solo missions. You can’t believe how many of us wanted to be on the same mission with you!
Rita: You flatter me. Enough with the hierarchies. Please just call me Rita.
Alvitr: Oh, yes, Miss Rita. Oh, NO! It’s… not right. Captain Durandal will be really cross if she heard me say that.
Rita: Hmph. Will she? I shall deliver your generous compliments to our Captain.
Alvitr: Kyaa, no, please! That won’t be necessary.
Alvitr: Ahem. Let’s focus on work. So… Heliopolis sent us Honkai-related medical records for the past 5 months…
Alvitr: …We have over 4000 individual files categorised under 35 Honkai incidents.
Rita: 35? Appalling. Anything about K423?
Alvitr: An entry from 2 months ago. Multiple beasts at an overpass south of the city.
Alvitr: A victim claimed to have witnessed a girl fighting the beasts, but was later diagnosed with post-traumatic stress.
Alvitr: I don’t think it was PTSD. This victim probably saw her.
Rita: Well done, Alvitr.
Alvitr: Heheh, thank you, Adjutant Rita. Everyone flatters me by calling me the best tool of Echelon 3.
Rita: Oh dear, best tool? That isn’t very nice… ahem. Anything else?
Alvitr: No. I mapped descriptions of K423 to the records but got nothing. She probably never went to a hospital.
Alvitr: No medical records… no shopping records… even city-wide surveillance records gave nothing. Is she a ninja?
Rita: She can avoid the cameras and hide amongst the people, but if she’s stayed in the city…
Rita: …Someone should have seen her and may have even taken a picture. The clues you’ve found proved this much.
Alvitr: But… finding such data from every site and page on the web will take months!
Rita: Hmm, Alvitr, have you heard about the underground intel market that monitors every single data stream on the web?
Rita: I’ll check that market if I’m the one looking for clues.
Rita: This should be the Gray Serpent’s territory.
Rita: These defensive mechs still work?
Rita: This place needs a thorough cleanup.
Rita: Hope it won’t be a mess this time.
The room was empty. Machines hummed in the background.
This place handles bids from across the world for knowledge, the cheapest yet most valuable commodity.
The Gray Serpent was dead, but his business remained very much alive.
Rita thought about the man whom she had killed. Something did not add up.
She became unsure if she had truly killed that man.
Rita shook her head and plugged in the Ningyo’s mobile data storage device.
Rita: Access granted. Ningyo index module detected.
Rita: Where should I begin?
Rita: There were witnesses of a girl who fought the Honkai beasts…
Rita also remembered the lone ranger that Cioara had mentioned. She realised what she should be looking for.
She entered the search criteria. The system returned the search results almost immediately.
The map displayed the coordinates of every Honkai attack that took place in Arc City during the past few months…
Rumors, photos, and videos posted on various websites were quickly displayed on-screen.
While scanning the wealth of info that she had acquired, a familiar figure caught Rita’s attention.
Rita: There you are, K423.
Rita: Alvitr, did you mention that a large number of Honkai beast attacks had occurred in Arc during the last 2 months?
Alvitr: Yes. 35 cases in 2 months, mostly at the city’s outskirts. They declared martial law as a response.
Rita: It seems that something within the city was drawing the beasts to it.
Rita: Keep an eye on the Arc emergency system and deploy the Immortal Blades to the site of the next Honkai attack.
Alvitr: Eh? What about K423? Are we giving up on her?
Rita: My intel tells me that she frequents the sites of the attacks. Some witnesses even took pictures of her.
Alvitr: That’s genius! Getting to the next beast attack will give us a chance of catching K423!
Alvitr: I guess we can just sit back and wait patiently for the next outbreak.
Rita: Indeed, and it won’t be long before the next attack takes place in this city.






Gameplay 13-4 - Ambush:
Two days later.
Alvitr: Adjutant, we’ve intercepted the alarm signal sent by the ARC Patrols!
Alvitr: There are Honkai beasts detected in D-2322 in ARC North.
Rita: Assemble the squad. To the target location.
Rita: Alert, all units. Hide yourselves as soon as possible once you enter the target location.
Rita: Bear in mind that you can only kill the Honkai beasts in the way.
Alvitr: The zombies… they’re entering a state of frenzy!
Alvitr: Hmm… I can see glowing red patterns on them. Wait, those markings appear to be Stigmata!
Rita: Stigmata? We’ll figure that out later. Get into position.
Alvitr: Roger! I might have made a mistake…
Rita: K423 spotted.
Rita: All units! Prepare to engage!
Meanwhile, Rita’s target seems to remain completely unaware of her situation.
The girl dashed amongst the beasts and zombies with her pistols ablaze.
She landed after unleashing her final shots.
Her hair was as pale as moonlight and contrasted against the defeated carcasses strewn across the battlefield.
She turned around and waited for a while before she decided to end the silence.
Kiana: Look, you can stop hiding already. I know where you are.
Rita: A pleasure to meet you again, Miss Kaslana.
Rita: Or perhaps I should address you as… the Herrscher of the Void?


Gameplay 13-5 - Confrontation:
Kiana: Rita Rossweisse? I remember you. The HQ auditor who oversaw the St. Freya Valkyrie exams several months ago.
Rita: I’m deeply honored. I didn’t expect you to remember me.
Rita: You must have had a hard time drifting on the streets. The Overseer cordially invites you back to HQ.
Kiana: I’m not going with you.
Rita: You’re unstable and attracting Honkai beast attacks upon this innocent city.
Rita: Only Schicksla can help you. We will treat you and make sure that you’ll no longer hurt anyone else.
Kiana: I don’t want to repeat myself.
Rita: What a stubborn little girl.
Rita: Aesir mechas, initiate the siege.
Pistols roared while the scythe sang through the air, as though the stars fought the crescent moon.
Yet this titanic battle ended in the blink of an eye.
The fighters regained their footing and turned to face each other once more.
Kiana: I have a question for you, Rita.
Kiana: What do you think is more important? Catching me, or saving this city from disaster?
Rita: Catching you *will* save this city from disaster, dear.


CG plays wherein takes her leave, but not before trying to clear her name and steer Rita in the right direction:
Kiana: Capturing me won’t be easy now.
Kiana: Believe what you will, but I’m not the reason behind the Honkai beast attacks.
Kiana: Take this, and find out what Heliopolis is up to for yourself.
Kiana: And… I’m not leaving the city.
Kiana: Stopping the disaster means more to me than making it out alive.
Kiana: I know you’ve no reason to trust me…
Kiana: But the choice is yours anyway.


Act 2 - Nocturnal Puzzle:
Gameplay 13-6 - Trace:
Bridge. Schicksal shuttle EOS.
Rita silently perused the evidence that Kiana had presented to her.
An injector. Standard Schicksal design.
A data card engraved with the Heliopolis logo. Most likely a pass for opening security doors.
Kiana’s words left her confused. The confusion slowly grew into a compelling need for answers.
Alvitr: Miss Rita, I’ve traced the injector serial number. It came from the batch of vaccines we supplied to Heliopolis.
Alvitr: But the contents and active agents have been replaced. No, they’ve been changed…
Alvitr: Our vaccine agent was modified into an activator for significantly boosting Honkai resistance.
Alvitr: But I’m not seeing any negative pharmacological effects on the human body.
Rita: Hmm… What is Heliopolis trying to do?
Alvitr: Erm… there’s something I need to tell you, Miss Rita.
Alvitr: I want to talk about the zombies’ glowing patterns that I saw while in action today.
Alvitr: I’m now very certain that they’re Stigmata!
Rita: Stigmata? Are you sure, Alvitr? Your claims sound preposterous.
Alvitr: I definitely saw it! People might call me careless, but I’m very certain of what I saw.
Rita: If you’re right, then this Arc City incident has turned out to be far more complicated than it appears.
Rita: Stigmata are a secret Schicksal tech used only by the Valkyries. If the zombies have them, it would mean 2 things…
Rita: Someone has been turning Valkyries into zombies… or someone figured out how to implant Stigmata on people.
Rita thought about it for a while before giving a response.
Rita: I don’t think I can sleep tonight. I must investigate this and prove my hypothesis.
Alvitr: What?! Are you heading to the Heliopolis facilities? Trespassing is a violation of our treaty with them…
Rita: Circumventing a few rules is sometimes necessary to achieve our mission.
Rita: Besides, K423 is the least of our worries now.
Meanwhile, in a distant place.
Raven: The Schicksal Valkyries have come uninvited. They now suspect us.
Jackal: A pity… but I thought you always wanted to get rid of them.
Raven: I would prefer avoiding a fight for as long as possible.
Raven: That Herrscher was supposed to distract Schicksal who would help get rid of her. But things have changed.
Raven: No matter. I have a backup plan for this.
Raven: We’ll give Rita some of the answers she wants. People tend to be vulnerable when distracted by a treasure hunt.
Jackal: And try to use the gift I’ve prepared. I hope to observe its efficacy in the field…
Jackal: These Schicksal Valkyries may withstand more pain than ordinary humans. Perhaps they scream differently.
Jackal: I desire to observe them up close… try not to kill all of them and leave me with a live specimen.
Raven: Once I make a move, the test must start at once to get the data we need before Schicksal arrives in force.
Jackal: Relax. You’ll have a new identity once this is over. Schicksal will never find you again.
Raven: And the people of this city?
Jackal: Do not sympathise with insignificant things. Focus instead on the whole of humanity.
Jackal: Despite their great power, Schicksal selfishly tells people lies that they’re safe under Schicksal protection.
Jackal: So long as Schicksal stands, humanity will remain helpless sheep cowering in their pens.
Jackal: But our Sire has returned! He shall end Schicksal’s tyranny and we shall help the world evolve under his leadership.
Jackal: That is the only world where you and those you wish to protect can survive.
Raven: Enough words. Let it begin.


Gameplay 13-7 - Puzzle:
Under the cover of night, Rita silently arrived at the Heliopolis research facilities.
The ID pass card allowed her to bypass most security doors in this area.
Rita: I’ll look for their data servers first. Hopefully they’ll give me a few answers.
Alvitr: Keep the channel open, Miss Rita. I’m the Tool and I’m always ready to help.
Rita: Let’s find out what Heliopolis is hiding…
Rita: This file details a medical aid project plan of Heliopolis.
Alvitr: Heliopolis has been providing humanitarian aid to Honkai-stricken cities since the 2nd Eruption.
Alvitr: After the 3rd Eruption, they expanded their efforts in the Far East and Shenzhou.
Alvitr: And that was when they started building this industrial park.
Rita: “Free pharmaceuticals for Honkai-infected citizens…”
Rita: “Free clinical treatment for cases suffering from severe infection…”
Alvitr: They’re really doing all this for free… they must be super rich.
Rita: “Free” things often cost more. Perhaps the price they desire is life itself.
Rita: “A Study of the Patented Schicksal Honkai Vaccine HBA-022”...
Rita: A pharmacological analysis of HBA-022… that’s the vaccine HQ is supplying Shenzhou with.
Alvitr: Are they trying to reverse engineer and copy our pharmaceutical agents?
Rita: I don’t think so. They could obviously modify the vaccine itself from what we’ve seen in the injectors.
Rita: I’m searching the stock of HBA-022 in their inventory.
Rita: And it is now currently at zero.
Alvitr: So that entire batch of 30,000 injectors of vaccines is gone?
Rita: None of this makes sense. I sense a conspiracy.
Rita grew increasingly uneasy. She felt that something was wrong.
The data she found presented only a few dots. Rita pieced the hints together and sensed something terrifying.
She would only need to find the last piece of the puzzle to see the entire picture.
Rita: My intuition is telling me that they’re up to something evil in this place.
Alvitr: Ah? Something evil? But you’re… right in that place. Doesn’t that mean you’re in great danger?
Alvitr: I recommend withdrawing from Heliopolis right now, Miss Rita. We should plan before making our next move.
Rita’s optics suddenly detected something and informed her by flashing a little red dot.
Her Phantom Iron battlesuit was forged in Helheim Labs. It was designed to hunt down Honkai-infected organisms.
And the in-built bio-detectors of the battlesuit had picked up the faint scent of a zombie.
Rita: I’ve found something. It’s now or never.
Rita: A good hunter would fire her shot before letting the prey fly away, Alvitr.


Gameplay 13-8 - Signal:
Rita: The building plans show no basement facilities, but my radar is detecting an underground source of Honkai energy.
Rita: Alvitr, I hereby order the Immortal Blades to be ready. I might need their support.
Alvitr: Aye!
Areas hidden from human vision could easily be detected by Stalker Carbon, Rita’s loyal hound.
She gave an order. The mech hound leaped into action.
Rita: I feel we’re close to the secrets that we’re trying to find.
Rita: Good job. I’ve found the way to the underground facilities.
Rita: Alright, puppy. Go ahead and open the way for me.
The elevator door opened. The darkness seemed to offer an odious invitation.


Gameplay 13-9 - Experiment:
The giant elevator platform finally reached the underground facility.
She stepped into a gigantic chamber. What shocked Rita most was its contents.
There were vats containing humanoid specimens that appeared eerily alien yet familiar.
Rita: This… this could only be…
Zombies. The reanimated corpses exhibited glowing marks of intricate patterns on their pallid skin.
Stigmata. Before Schicksal created artificial Stigmata, only very, very few people bore these marks naturally.
Rita clenched her teeth as she studied every face within the vats.
She breathed a sigh of relief when she found no familiar faces, but that relief quickly turned into fury.
The specimens varied in size and age. Some exhibited Honkai tissue implants or white silica carapace.
Others had cybernetic body parts instead.
The entire chamber was a horror show designed to display the extent to which a human body could be mutilated.
Rita realised she was close to the roots of the dark secret.
Alvitr: Miss Rita, are you alright? I’m detecting sudden increases in your blood pressure and heart rate.
The hound gingerly leaped onto the main computer terminal and plugged intself in.
A large number of documents were displayed on Rita’s visor. She quickly found the file she was looking for.
Data: “STIGMA. A most valuable technological legacy built into our very own biology.”
Data: “It is not a product of natural evolution, but a Previous Era biotech construct that remains a mystery to us.”
Data: “Before the Previous Era ended, complex sets of Honkai-resistance genes were inserted into a number of embryos.”
Data: “The STIGMA results in distinct phenotypes of skin markings known as the Stigmata.”
Data: “Humans with STIGMA have better Honkai resistance and control that gives rise to superhuman strengths.”
Data: “However, each passing generation eroded the integrity of the STIGMA gene sets.”
Data: “When the carefully constructed set is taken apart, the STIGMA itself became ineffective as well.”
Data: “Though all humans carry STIGMA genes, only a few could naturally express STIGMA at a functional capacity.”
Data: “Schicksal attempted to synthesise STIGMA gene inserts, but these clumsy copies are defective and dangerous.”
Data: “On the other hand, revelations from the almighty Serpent allowed our research to achieve true progress.”
Rita: Serpent? The World Serpent?
Data: “We can now artificially interfere with, activate, and transpose dormant STIGMA fragments for functional expression.”
Data: “The transformation process was difficult. Many subjects were lost. A few became little more than animated corpses.”
Data: “But those who survive the metamorphosis shall gain the ability to survive in a world filled with Honkai.”
Data: “The cost to pay is steep, but the results justify the price.”
Data: “Activation progress remains slow. The numbers fail to meet expectations. We plan to test on a populated city…”
Rita: Madness. They want to perform their test on an entire city…
A giant screen on the other side of the lab was suddenly switched on to show a face.
Raven: I happen to agree with you. But only sometimes.












Gameplay 13-10 - Cost:
CG plays wherein Rita is surrounded by the newly released test subjects:
Rita: I’m surrounded.
Rita: Immortal Blades, assemble.
Alvitr: Aye!


Raven: Trespassing and spying on things without permission. Very typical of Schicksal.
Raven: Since you’re so interested in this place, do take a good look around, Miss Rossweisse…
Raven: I’ll come up with something to entertain you as well.
Raven: You should always pay for something you want, right?
Raven: The lives of your Valkyries seem like a fair price for the knowledge you’ve acquired from this place.
Rita: I’m afraid you have no idea who you’re dealing with.
Rita: You are sadly mistaken if you believe these *things* can take down the Valkyries of Schicksal.


CG plays wherein Raven fills the room with a mysterious gas:
Raven: I’ve prepared a special gift to see if the elite fighters from the Immortal Blades can perform just as well with their backs against the wall.


Rita: Underhanded tactics like zombies and biotoxins only reveal just how pathetic you really are.
Rita taunted her opponent and swung her scythe. The razor sharp edge clove a zombie in two.
Raven: But I happen to disagree with you.
The person on-screen gave a smile and showed no hint of disappointment that her ambush had been defeated.
The zombies and beasts around Rita suddenly collapsed as though they had been drained of power.
Raven: The HSN-B46 serum is no simple gas. I think you know what it is.
Rita: …!
Raven: A serum designed by a genius from Schicksal to neutralise Honkai energy within the body.
Raven: We further modified it for you. Serum particles can enter your systems via skin exposure to make you human again.
Raven: Oh, the irony. We’re using a Schicksal weapon against Schicksal Valkyries.
She gave an order. Heavy mechs landed in the chamber and charged at Rita.
Raven: What’s wrong, Rita?
Raven: I thought you were going to show me the power of the Immortal Blades.
Raven: Guess it’s my turn to introduce you…
Raven: The Death Web. Specialised Valkyrie slayer.
Raven: Have fun.


CG plays wherein Rita is left cornered, with the rest of the Immortal Blades not faring much better:
Raven: The Immortal Blades… What a pesky bunch.
Raven: Worry not about your sisters…
Raven: I love sharing, so every one of them is getting their fair share.
Raven: That smirk on your face when you watch your sisters fall…
Raven: You have a heart of stone.
Rita: I’m just wondering how to return this favor…
Rita: When you fall into our hands…
Raven: I hate it when people can’t keep their word.
Raven: Finish her!


Act 3 - Nocturnal Escape:
Gameplay 13-11 - Speculation:
Unknown area. City outskirts. Several hours ago.
Memo notes connected by different colored lines were pinned on the city map displayed on the wall.
Kiana and Fu Hua had been digging up leads and info on the city’s Honkai outbreaks.
The answer became clear once all the pieces of the puzzle were placed together.
Fu Hua: Kiana, when did you realise that someone was behind the Honkai incidents in Arc City?
Kiana: …I saw a familiar face in a fight against the zombies.
Kiana: It was a woman I saved last month. I was shocked when I saw her again as a zombie…
Kiana: I once asked you if the Honkai outbreaks in this city were due to “her” waking up inside of me again…
Fu Hua: …And I told you that you weren’t to blame. I know that to be a fact since I’ve been watching you all this time.
Kiana: Exactly. You said that the Honkai beasts would have spawned around me if “she” were the cause.
Kiana: Your words pointed me in the right direction.
Kiana: The Honkai beasts and zombies are always attracted to high concentrations of Honkai energy.
Kiana placed pins on each and every site of the Honkai outbreaks.
Kiana: Look, the locations of every Honkai incident seem to revolve around an epicenter.
Fu Hua: The industrial facilities of Heliopolis.
Fu Hua: Simple yet effective. You astound me, Kiana.
Kiana: I guess being a drifter means you can’t be lazy anymore, and this isn’t my first time being homeless.
Fu Hua: If you are right, then Heliopolis should have the answers we need. We need more concrete evidence.
Kiana: Is that why you wanted to drag Schicksal into this and have them solve the puzzle for us?
Fu Hua: Schicksal should be concerned since they’re aiding Arc City. That man won’t allow others to smear his good name.
Kiana: Well, I don’t trust Schicksal. I don’t know what this Rita is up to…
Kiana: …Will she pursue the leads we gave her, or will she continue her hunt for me instead?
Kiana: I honestly don’t care what she does. I’ll find out about this myself.
Kiana: It may be a trial for her, but it’s a trial for me as well.
Fu Hua: It’s time for us to look into this, Kiana.


CG plays wherein Kiana infiltrates Heliopolis:
Fu Hua: I was right. The Valkyries are on the move.
Kiana: Very well, now it’s our turn.


Fu Hua: Be careful and avoid the guards.


Gameplay 13-12 - Aid:
The night provided the perfect setting for this deadly battle.
Valkyries of the Immortal Blades fought on against the lurching zombies and mechanical horrors.
However, the weight of the enemies’ numbers slowly pushed back the elite Schicksal unit.
Fu Hua: Something isn’t right. These Valkyries appear to be hardly capable of defending themselves.
Fu Hua: They appear no stronger than ordinary humans. Be careful, Kiana.
Kiana: They’ve been heavily wounded. We can’t just leave them like this…
Fu Hua: We’re running out of time, Kiana.
Kiana: I know that, but…
The girl finally made her choice. She would not walk away, and thus she drew her pistols.
The rescued Valkyries struggled to their feet. They stared at Kiana with terrified eyes and retreated in fear.
Alvitr: You’re the Herrscher… the Herrscher of the Void! Don’t come any closer!
Kiana: I won’t hurt you.
None of them were willing to give her their trust.
Alvitr: Really… then… thank you…
Kiana: What happened? You don’t look badly hurt. The Valkyries shouldn’t be defeated that easily.
Alvitr: They played dirty… they used some form of gaseous agent…
Alvitr: And my body… I lost my strength before I knew what happened…
The wounded Valkyrie remembered something and held on to Kiana’s arm despite her fears.
Kiana: Try not to talk too much. Save your energy and let your friends take you back.
Alvitr: Adjutant Rita… she’s still down there… in danger…
Kiana: Look, just take care of yourselves first.
Alvitr: Please! You have to help her…
Kiana: Okay. I’ll do that.


Gameplay 13-13 - The Past:
After firing her last shots, Kiana looked at the elevator that would lead to the deep underground facility.
Kiana did not notice this area due to the brevity of her previous “visit” to Heliopolis.
She took the chance that presented itself.
Fu Hua: That Valkyrie said that Rita is still down there and in danger. This must be it.
Kiana: I think I’m close enough. I can even sense Honkai energy reactions. Rita must be fighting them.
Fu Hua: Kiana, our time is running out. You could help Rita or find out the truth. The choice is yours.
Kiana: The STIGMA experiment? Is this why every zombie has Stigmata on them?
Fu Hua: They’re planning a city-wide experiment to create a new breed of Honkai-resistant humans.
Kiana: This is crazier than Otto’s plans.
Fu Hua: The file clearly mentioned the Previous Era. Heliopolis knows more than I suspected.
Fu Hua: “The almighty Serpent”...? That man… he’s still alive…
Fu Hua: How is that even possible…?
Kiana: This file is titled MANTIS Observation Logs… MANTIS?
Fu Hua: …!
Kiana: Year 1475. Phoenix Shatters the Enemy Formation. Fu Hua, the Phoenix in the painting looks just like you.
Kiana: Year 1887. A Photo with Dr. Conan Doyle, London. Wait a sec, this person looks like…
Fu Hua: You’re right, Kiana. This is a record of the places I’ve visited and the things I’ve done.
Kiana: What are you exactly, Fu Hua…?
Fu Hua: I don’t mean to hide things from you, but my past is simply too long… I don’t even know where to begin.
Fu Hua: I’m more concerned as to why this pharmaceutical company would be interested in my life.
Fu Hua: The person behind Heliopolis must know something… and probably came from the same era as well.


CG plays wherein Kiana comes to Rita’s rescue:
Kiana: Looks like Miss Maid has made her choice.
Rita: I never thought you’d be the one to save me…
Kiana: Hope you still have the juice left for a breakthrough.


Gameplay 13-14 - Escape:
Raven: I’m hardly surprised…
Rita: I sensed that someone was feeding hints to Rita when that Valkyrie started doubting us.
Raven: You could have stayed out of this, Herrscher.
Raven: Kill them!


Gameplay 13-15 - Clash:
Raven: All units ready for battle!
Raven: They must not leave.
Kiana: Hang on… We have to get out of here!
The zombies continued their relentless march in the darkness.
Rita: The exit is right ahead…
Rita’s body steadily became slower and clumsier.
She could sense her strength draining away from her body.
Her scythe became heavy. She could no longer apply enough force to break armor plates or carapace.
She knew her only chance was to break out of the encirclement…
Rita: EOS, requesting ground support! Come in, EOS!
She heard a series of explosions. The names of the crew displayed on her visor grew dim.
EOS was taken. Her last hope of escape had been dashed.




CG plays wherein Rita refuses to enter Kiana’s portal to escape, instead calling in her ship remotely to close in on their current location:
Kiana: Quick! While I can still… hold it…
Kiana: Jump in!
Rita: My apologies, Miss Kaslana…
Rita: Bear with me till I have fulfilled my last duty.
Rita: After all, the duty of a maid is to clean…
Rita: EOS, activate auto-navigation system.
Rita: Initiate command “Sweep”.
Rita: Target, current coordinates.


The night was dark. Raven ascended the tower and viewed the battlefield.
The Heliopolis facilities were in ruins. The shuttle wreck resembled a shattered greatsword.
She gave a sigh. Her communicator then buzzed.
Jackal: What are the results?
Raven: The Schicksal Valkyrie created a great ruckus. She rammed her shuttle into our facilities.
Jackal: Is she alive?
Raven: We found no bodies.
Jackal: Oldest trick in the book. I hope you aren’t fooled by her show.
Jackal: You have 10 hours to salvage the situation before Schicksal arrives in force to exact their vengeance.
Jackal: Need I remind you of what happens if you fail?
Raven: They left us with something I need. The experiment remains on schedule.
Raven: The Serpent shall have its victory.


Somewhere in Arc City. Moments later.


CG plays wherein Kiana and Rita emerge from a portal, having barely escaped:
Kiana: Whoa… you’ve always been so cold and straight-faced…
Kiana: Never took you for a hothead…


Kiana: Were you trying to kill yourself just because you felt guilty about your losses?
Kiana: Look, I’ve saved as many of your girls as I could, so stop this crazy nonsense.
Rita: I’m afraid you’re mistaken, Miss Kaslana. I do not believe in pointless sacrifices.
Rita: But since this vastly superior enemy will try to hunt us down, I created a show where we fought to the last.
Kiana: Erm… are you sure they’d believe your show?
Rita: Even if they didn’t, they’ll be busy trying to cover up for that explosion. That means less forces on our tails.
Rita: Before the World Serpent finds our tracks, we should…
Rita started trembling before she could finish her words.
Rita: Hngh…
The battle had depleted her strength completely. She collapsed and fell into a deep coma.


Act 4 - Oneiric Arc:
Gameplay EX-1 - Dream:
Fu Hua: Wake up, Kiana.
Kiana: Hmm… it’s still so early…
Fu Hua: We shouldn’t be wasting our time like this.
Kiana: Where am I?
Fu Hua: You’re in a dream.
Kiana: Dream? But everything here feels and smells like the real thing.
Fu Hua: It’s the Fantasia of Taixuan created by the 8th Divine Key, Fenghuang Down. Our memories are now connected.
Fu Hua: You’re still unprepared for the dangers that we will soon be facing.
Fu Hua: This Fantasia will give me enough time to teach you something useful.
Kiana: I can have a million of these dreams if they can make me stronger!
Kiana: …
Fu Hua: There are still a few hours till daybreak. We can take it slowly.
Kiana: Wait, why do I feel like we’ve been fighting all day long?
Kiana: My body is gonna break…
Fu Hua: Time works differently in a dream. A dream that covers an entire life might just take a few moments in reality.
Kiana: Wasn’t there a guy who dreamed of becoming rich but woke up and realised that he just fell asleep cooking food?
Fu Hua: Indeed… but in Shenzhou, such techniques of meditation were used for martial training.
Kiana: Like the training I’m having now?
Fu Hua: Life is short. The ability to train in our sleep allows us to achieve far better results.
Kiana: …But what if I forget everything I’ve learned in my dream when I wake up?
Fu Hua: True, these dreams may present a false reality, but constant dream training will instill muscle memory.
Fu Hua: Your break is over. Training must continue, Kiana.
Kiana: Alrighty, bring it on!






Gameplay EX-1S - Contemplation:
No story content.


Gameplay EX-2 - Mirage:
Kiana: I knew there’d be no rest tonight.
Fu Hua: You will be sparring with oneiric phantasms today.
Fu Hua: These oneiric phantasms are illusions created by your own mind.
Fu Hua: Though they may be false constructs, you’ll feel pain and fear as though your body is in real danger.
Fu Hua: Moments of danger push the body to unleash potentials that would otherwise lay dormant within you.
Fu Hua: This is why true warriors always push their limits to master powers they can unleash for future fights.
Fu Hua: But dangers are hard to come by in real life. That’s why I used Fenghuang Down to make things easier.
Fu Hua: Hmm. This reminds me of that special training system at St. Freya High.
Fu Hua: This is a little different.
Fu Hua: Fenghuang Down is a Divine Key. Your brain will interpret every single detail created by the Key as real.
Kiana: What do you mean?
Fu Hua: If your mind believes in your death, your body will be nothing more than a breathing corpse.
Fu Hua: I will not interfere to ensure the effectiveness of this training.
Fu Hua: Do your best, Kiana.
Kiana: Hah. I’m a born genius. Let’s do this.


Gameplay EX-2S - Enlightenment:
No story content.


Gameplay EX-3 - Impartation:
Kiana: Hey, do you have a killer move you can teach me? All this basic training is just boring.
Kiana: How about some one-punch ultimate? That would make things so much easier.
Fu Hua: …
Fu Hua: I haven’t taught anyone for a while. I thought I would never do so again.
Kiana: So… does that mean you’re gonna teach me your killer move?
Fu Hua: I fight using the Sword Ki known as the Edge of Taixuan, an ancient art combining the best of many other schools.
Fu Hua: The Edge is divided into 5 Blade Essences: Mantra, Form, Sanction, Ascension, and Eminence.
Fu Hua: The psychological training you had in St. Freya was Otto’s simplified interpretation of Blade Mantra.
Fu Hua: Form and Sanction require weapons you don’t wield. Ascension might be useful, but the student must be enlightened.
Kiana: Are you saying that I’m too dumb for everything?
Kiana: Wait, there’s still something left called Emittance, right?
Fu Hua: …It’s Eminence, the fount of change, where an unarmed wielder uses her mind to unleash the Divine Edge itself.
Kiana: The fount of what?! I don’t understand anything you just said, which means it must be awesome! Teach me!
Fu Hua: Eminence aims to bend Honkai energy to your will, while Mantra and Form prepare your body to wield this Essence.
Fu Hua: Though Mantra and Form must be mastered to achieve Eminence…
Fu Hua: …You might be able to skip them. Your Herrscher powers should allow you to control the Honkai.
Fu Hua: But using Eminence before you’re ready may be dangerous. We should start with Mantra instead.
Fu Hua: Once the time is right, I shall teach you the Essence of Eminence.
Kiana: Great.
Kiana: What do I do now…?
Fu Hua: Discard all delusions, and lull your breath.
Kiana: Are you speaking another language…?
Fu Hua: Well… Guess I should make it straightforward.
Fu Hua: Mantra, basically, is how you manage your body to enter into a state for combat.
Fu Hua: Before each fight starts, clear all your thoughts and calm your body…
Fu Hua: Feel every bit of subtle change inside your body…
Fu Hua: And eventually feel sheerly nothing…
Fu Hua: …But the strength flowing within.
Kiana: Breathing…
Kiana: I… feel it now…
Kiana: *Mumbling with difficulty*
Fu Hua: Her inner self is becoming unstable…
Fu Hua: Kiana, stop!
Kiana: It feels as though something is trying to break free from inside of me…
Fu Hua: Mantra training often begins from a young age. You started late and your experiences and inner demons didn’t help.
Kiana: Then I shall train at every sleeping moment until I master this thing.
Fu Hua: Listen well and keep my teachings in mind, Kiana. Be patient and allow things to take its course.
Fu Hua: One day will arrive when everything shall come together and propel you to enlightenment.


Gameplay EX-3S - Practice:
No story content.


Gameplay EX-4 - Inner Demon:
Fu Hua: Kiana, we have been training for a while.
Fu Hua: Time is not on our side, so I’d like to see what you have learned.
Kiana: I see. Shall we begin?
Fu Hua: No, you’re not fighting me this time. Your opponent is…
Fu Hua snapped her fingers.
The sound echoed throughout the serene Mount Taixuan arena and transformed it into something entirely different.
The heavens turned dark. She levitated in mid-air and gave them a ghastly smile.
Kiana: I have to fight her…?
Fu Hua: I know it will be difficult for you to fight her on your own.
Fu Hua: But sometimes one must battle without help and reap both the sweet and bitter rewards alone.
Fu Hua: Every one of us must face our deepest fears. It is a trial that we must undergo on our own.
Fu Hua: You must face her and fight her again and again until she is nothing but just another breath you take.
Fu Hua: Kiana, the Divine Key is not all-powerful. I will not be at your side forever…
Kiana: …
Fu Hua: I foresee a far more treacherous path before you.
Fu Hua: Before my time ends, I’ll do what I can to prepare you for this difficult path.
Fu Hua: That is my promise to you, and the promise I made to Major Himeko.
Kiana: I… I will be prepared.
Fu Hua: Then we shall begin.


Gameplay EX-4S - Epiphany:
No story content.










Game Ch XIV: Dispel the Darkness


Act 1 - Raven Hunt:
Gameplay 14-1 - Old Friends:
There was only endless darkness and a bleached desert stretching as far as the eye could see.
She stood with 7 warriors. They had one mission. The last battle of this long war would be fought here.
It would determine the fate of humanity. Would anyone amongst them live to see tomorrow?
She had no answer.
Kevin: Prepare yourself, Hua.
Kevin: According to MEI’s calculations, SHE will be here within an hour.
Girl: Yes.
Girl: …
Girl: Kevin, I hope humanity will survive this.
Kevin: They will.
Kevin: Just turn around and look at the Earth to dispel your doubts.
The girl turned around.
Earth. The planet was an azure orb suspended in the great, yawning void.
The planet’s deep blue curves emitted a warming halo that seemed to repel the darkness.
Kevin: Every time I look to the skies, I tremble at the thought of the cold and dark universe.
Kevin: Nevertheless, I believe it still contains traces of warmth…
Kevin: …For Earth gave birth to us and the stars still shine.
Earth? The girl thought about the humans there. They may be grieving or taking part in a doomsday revelry.
But she saw things from the moon. Wars, hatred, pain, and those memories of the past no longer meant anything.
The only thing that mattered would be the future.
If humanity survives and repopulates the planet, their pain and conflict would only return.
Yet the only thing that still mattered would be the future.
Girl: Kevin, I’m sorry about that argument with Dr. MEI… and for what I said to you.
Kevin: There’s no need for apologies. You are my comrade in arms, and I am yours.
Girl: Are we? What… what should I say, then?
Kevin: I need you to make me a promise. Those of us who survive this battle shall bear great responsibilities.
Kevin: MEI has prepared many projects. STIGMA, EMBER, ARK…
Kevin: Not everyone agrees with these methods, but they are the seeds of humanity’s revival.
Kevin: The survivors must nurture these seeds and avoid our mistakes until civilisation rebuilds itself.
Kevin: Hua, I believe these seeds contain the means by which we can defeat the Honkai for good.
Kevin: Humanity must make great sacrifices to witness the arrival of that very day.
Kevin: …But humanity will never lose hope.


CG plays wherein Rita recounts the events of Chapter XIII:
Rita: To hunt down the Herrscher of the Void, Rita Rossweisse has returned to Arc City.
Rita: But to her surprise, the city had fallen into the World Serpent’s clutches, its machinations trapping her in a cul-de-sac.
Rita: At the critical moment, her prey comes to her aid.
Rita: And thus, the fates of the hunter and the prey entwine…


Outskirts of Arc City. Some secluded corner.
Kiana: …!
Fu Hua: Kiana?
Kiana: …Did I fall asleep? I dreamt that I was on the moon right before some big fight.
Kiana: And there was this guy who looked familiar… I don’t know who he was, but he called me by another name… Hua…
Fu Hua: …Those are my experiences, Kiana.
Fu Hua: Our individual minds may have intertwined for some reason… but your dreams can help remind me of the past.
Fu Hua: I didn’t tell you many things because they may sound unbelievable. I’m not just a Schicksal Valkyrie…
Fu Hua: My life stretches all the way back to the Previous Era. I am a survivor of an ancient time…
Kiana: Wha…?! I always felt that you were special, but the things you’re saying right now are just… unbelievable…
Kiana: So all those records about you that we found in the lab… are they all true?!
Kiana: Then… who’s the guy talking to you in the dream?
Fu Hua: Kevin Kaslana, the founding father of your House. He’s also a Previous Era survivor of the final battle…
Fu Hua: …And the greatest defender of humanity. That was the way it should have been if he were to fall in that battle.
Fu Hua: But the final battle ended with such cruelty that it changed both me and Kevin…
Fu Hua: After the war ended, Kevin created the World Serpent and started carrying out Previous Era projects to revive humanity.
Kiana: World Serpent? Previous Era projects? Do they include Project STIGMA?
Fu Hua: Yes. The project may be important, but humanity could ill afford to pay its price.
Fu Hua: Many Pioneers opposed Kevin’s actions and turned against him… then he disappeared from history altogether.
Kiana: What? What happened?
Fu Hua: It’s a long story that I’ll tell you later. You just need to know that Kevin’s disappearance was welcomed by many.
Fu Hua: The World Serpent collapsed afterwards. I even thought it was vanquished centuries ago.
Fu Hua: But the records about me that we found at the Heliopolis underground labs… and that familiar symbol…
Fu Hua: …World Serpent still lives. They were only hiding in the shadows, waiting for the return of their Sire.
Fu Hua: Listen, Kiana. We must leave Arc City.
Fu Hua: If that man returns, and if all this was part of his plan… the city will no longer be safe.
Fu Hua: I know him. If he finds you, he will kill you without hesitation.
Fu Hua: I may have protected you in the past… but things have changed…
Kiana: …Does that mean I have to run away again like what I’ve been doing for the last 3 months?
Kiana: What’s the point? I’ve been on the run forever! Should I go hide in another corner and hope that no one finds me?
Kiana: I won’t leave Arc City. I don’t want to remember myself as a girl who always runs away from her problems.
Fu Hua: …
Fu Hua: Since you’ve made up your mind, I won’t get in your way.
Fu Hua: But promise me this, Kiana. If we find evidence that Kevin is in Arc City, you must leave at once.
Kiana: …Okay. I promise.
Kiana: So about STIGMA… the vaccines were shipped to Shenzhou last year. Did the World Serpent start its plans last year as well?
Fu Hua: No. Vaccine modification was only part of it. STIGMA activation needs another step known only by key World Serpent personnel.
Kiana: I guess the World Serpent will be accelerating their plans. We don’t have much time left.
Fu Hua: What do you plan on doing next?
Kiana: I’m taking a direct approach: head back to the biomedical park and find the one commanding the zombies.
Kiana: She looks like a “key World Serpent personnel”. She must know something.
Kiana: Rita had created a few diversions there before. I think our chances are looking pretty good.
Kiana: It’s just that… I spent way too much power in that huge fight…
Fu Hua: Don’t push yourself too hard, Kiana. You need rest…
Kiana: I’ve rested enough. We should move as quickly as possible to give us more time.
Fu Hua: What should we do with Rita?
Rita was still unconscious. Kiana examined her wounds.
Kiana: Leave her here for now.
Kiana inspected her surroundings and made sure she left no trace of herself before leaving the room.
But she was not aware that a pair of eyes opened as soon as she closed the door.
Fu Hua: Mecha guards are showing up outside.
Fu Hua: Take the stairs up to get out.
Fu Hua: Mecha guards!
Fu Hua: We need some distraction.
Fu Hua: This is a good spot.
Fu Hua: Looks good here.
Fu Hua: Stay clear. They’ll explode soon.
Fu Hua: That should be enough.
Fu Hua: Right ahead.


Gameplay 14-2 - Prey:
Rita had carried out many missions before, but never had her expectations been subverted so thoroughly.
A Herrscher supposedly driven by an inhuman urge for destruction was trying to save a city from a deadly plot.
She was Rita’s prey, but when she herself was incapacitated, the Herrscher saved her life instead.
Rita also witnessed Kiana talking to herself… or was she talking to someone else… someone unseen?
Rita: Who could that person be?
Rita: If only I could hear those words clearly… but I would have given myself away if I tried to move.
Rita: In any case, I can’t simply sit out of this.
Rita: Go ahead and distract the World Serpent for me, Miss Kaslana. I shall attend to my affairs.
She switched on her communication device and waited for a response.
Nearly a minute passed. No one picked up, but she could hear Alvitr’s voice.
Alvitr: Adjutant? We were worried sick about you!
Rita: Alvitr, it’s good to see you again.
Alvitr: The Herrscher girl saved us…
Alvitr: But why would she?
Rita: I wish I knew.
Alvitr: Adjutant, I’m trying to get in touch with HQ, but our comms are jammed.
Rita: Look after the squad. I’ll join you soon.
Rita: HQ is not responding to my calls. I have no choice but to leave a message.
Rita: Operation Artemis. Recipient: Durandal. Sender: Rita Rossweisse.
It took her a few minutes to leave her message. Rita then began to think about things.
Rita: Though I couldn’t get in touch with Master Durandal…
Rita: Miss Kaslana’s friends should be interested in my invitation…


Gameplay 14-3 - Jackal:
Meanwhile, at the Heliopolis biomedical park. Raven received a call from Jackal.


CG plays wherein Jackal’s appearance flashes onto a screen.


Jackal: What is our current progress? The secret of Heliopolis was exposed. The experiment is running out of time.
Raven: I’ve deployed our entire forces. You can’t expect me to wave a magic wand and wish those problems away.
Raven: The Schicksal Valkyries left the place in a mess and delayed our plan. But that is not our greatest concern.
Raven: We need to worry about the Herrscher of the Void. She knows about us, and she will try to sabotage our plans.
Jackal: Stop her.
Raven: Stop her? Hmph.
Raven: True, I hate her, but I’m not insane. You can throw 10 times more of your monsters at her and it won’t even slow her down.
Raven: Think about what she did in the 2nd Honkai War. No army in existence is a match against this Herrscher.
Jackal: I have checked site recordings from an hour ago. That girl did not display any Herrscher-level powers.
Jackal: She may be a nascent Herrscher with little control over her powers. Your childhood trauma is making you afraid.
Jackal: My intel tells me this Void Queen dealt some damage to Schicksal HQ but was defeated just a few hours later.
Jackal: There were three S-rank Valkyries stationed there. Rita Rossweisse, whom you fought before, was one of them.
Jackal: And is Rita really any good? Our clever trap took her out of the game.
Jackal: All this shows that the nascent Herrscher may not be as powerful as you feared.
Raven: May not be as powerful? Your intel is doubtful. I’ve heard that the Schicksal Overseer made secret weapons…
Jackal: Otto? Pfft. Everyone knows he’s just a coward hiding behind his Valkyries.
Jackal: You might as well tell me that Otto made a retiring Valkyrie wear a powerful battlesuit to take out the Herrscher.
Raven: Your sense of humor is *so* reassuring…
Jackal: Raven, we have spent years preparing for Project STIGMA.
Jackal: A densely populated city under curfew with limited evac. We won’t get another perfect setup like this.
Jackal: Our Sire is watching. The future of humanity must rise from this place. There’s no going back for either of us.
Raven’s hooded face tensed when she heard those words.
Raven: …As the Serpent wishes.
Fu Hua: It’s too quiet here.
Fu Hua: Something up ahead.
The girl infiltrated the biomedical park. The dark cover of night gave her a sense of peace.
She observed with bated breath. The woman who ambushed Rita was issuing orders to a convoy crew.
Kiana: These guys are up to something.
Fu Hua: We seem to be just in time, but this feels like more than just a coincidence.
Kiana: The convoy is leaving. I guess it wasn’t a coincidence after all.
Kiana leaped down and pursued the departing convoy.


Gameplay 14-4 - Strike:
Highway lights flashed as Kiana approached the convoy trucks as quickly as she could.
She launched herself into a graceful leap and landed softly right on top of a vehicle.
Kiana: I’ll start my attack once we’re far enough from the biomedical park.
Fu Hua: Watch out for the caped woman, Kiana. Someone who could defeat Rita must be well-versed in underhanded tactics.
Kiana: I know. Those Valkyries were incapacitated because of some poison gas they released.
Fu Hua: The gas that took out the Immortal Blades… it may be a chemical weapon for neutralising Honkai in the body.
Fu Hua: But this weapon has two obvious weaknesses.
Fu Hua: First: friendly forces reliant on Honkai energy must stay away from the gas or be incapacitated as well.
Fu Hua: Second: gas weapons only work best in enclosed spaces.
Kiana: …Oh, right! That caped woman didn’t fight Rita face-to-face. She ambushed her in the lab instead.
Fu Hua: We should isolate and fight her in an open space, and be prepared for anything that could happen.
Kiana: I think I have a plan, Fu Hua…
Kiana: …But I still need to fight her first.
Kiana braced herself and held the trigger. Her body was a coiled spring waiting to be launched.


CG plays wherein Kiana halts the convoy.


Gameplay 14-5 - Raven Hunt:
CG plays wherein Kiana deals with the remainder of the convoy, but is interrupted by Raven:
Raven: I see your Herrscher body is holding on quite well, huh?
Kiana: Now you can’t use Honkai energy either.
Kiana: Finally looking to fight me fair and square?
Raven: For you…
Raven: …There’s no such thing as “fair”.


Raven: The hunt starts now.
She could feel her body losing its energy. Her limbs moved sluggishly as though she was swimming in a mire.
The enemy’s gray cape unfurled like a raptor’s wings. She moved so fast that she was essentially a blurred shadow.
Kiana tried evading, but the opponent read her moves. Razor sharp talons dug into her chest.
Kiana: What… are you… trying to do… to this city…?
She could hardly maintain her balance or stay on her feet.
Raven: I do not need to answer your questions.
Raven: It’s done, Jackal.
Jackal: Heh. It’s just as I thought. Even a Herrscher can be defeated by the right strategies.
Jackal: Bring her to the lab, Raven.
Raven: I advise against it. I saw we kill her now.
Jackal: What?! That’s such an outrageous waste! We’ve captured a Herrscher! A living specimen of a Herrscher!!
Jackal: I can’t wait to take her apart and see what makes her tick…
Raven: …You’re insane.
Raven tossed the unconscious girl to the automatons and ordered them to lock her up in a truck container.
Raven: I’m bringing her back. The rest of you will carry on with the mission.
No one noticed the figure in the distance who observed the entire battle.
Rita: Oh my, and I’ve only waited for a short time before setting off. I didn’t expect to see you captured like this.
Rita: But at least I’m walking away with good news. There is an antidote for that gas.
Rita: Miss Kaslana… please try to bear with them for a while.
Rita: You did treat me as a creepy maid and ordered me around. Treat this as a serving of karmic justice.
Rita: In any case, we should hope that my humble prayers for aid are answered.
Rita murmured to herself as she disappeared into the night.


Act 2 - Trial of Darkness:
Gameplay 14-6 - Old Dream:
Heliopolis biomedical park. 30 minutes later.
Rita: They have more than doubled the security.
Alvitr: Adjutant Rita, are you really going in before Master Durandal arrives?
Alvitr: I… I know I’m not supposed to question choices made by a superior officer, but…
Alvitr: …You were injured in the previous operation. Doing this alone isn’t brave… it’s…
Rita: …And I agree with you, Alvitr. I take full responsibility for the poor decisions, bad leadership… and everyone who fell…
Rita: …But I am still standing, and the mission has not yet ended. I will stop the World Serpent and their plans.
Alvitr: …Their plans?
Rita: I’m sure we will score an easy victory once Master Durandal arrives.
Rita: But what if she arrives too late to stop the World Serpent? What will happen to this city?
Rita: I’m a Valkyrie. I do *not* enjoy defeating an enemy *after* it murders an entire city of innocent people.
Rita: This is precisely why I am compelled to do something before Master Durandal arrives.
Rita: I gave myself that order. This mission is mine alone.
Alvitr: Your words are so inspiring… I’ve never thought about that before. Please forgive me, Adjutant Rita!
Alvitr: But still, please be extra careful. At your current state, you’re hardly stronger than an ordinary human…
Rita: Don’t worry, Alvitr. We Valkyries know how to fight even without Honkai energy.
Rita: My body still remembers all the training I had.
Alvitr: Adjutant, I did a bit of tweaking to your battlesuit.
Alvitr: You won’t be able to use Honkai energy yet, but it can function for a short while.
Rita: Thank you, Alvitr.
Rita: I’d better start by looking for a cure.
Alvitr: The research facility is right ahead.
Alvitr: I think it’s a good place to start looking.
Rita: Wait, where is the EOS wreckage?
Alvitr: Maybe they cleared it?
Rita: Doesn’t feel right.
While Rita infiltrated the Heliopolis complex, something else transpired deep within the biomedical park…
Raven rested in a sleeping pod to heal injuries suffered while fighting in the gas…
Boy: …Tasha!
Boy: Go, Tasha! Go and live well!
Raven: I dreamt of my brother again. I dreamt of the day when I left him.
Raven: Destruction rained down from the heavens. We were forced to leave our home.
Raven: We soon ran out of food, medicine, and water… people fought over them… then they started killing each other.
Raven: Many died in that cursed exodus… I never expected to survive, but then that man appeared before us.
Cioara: Please, sir… take my brother too…
Gray Serpent: You may be too young to understand this, but listen carefully, girl. You were blessed by the white flower.
Gray Serpent: Life is fragile… and costly. A person is alive thanks to the sacrifice of countless other lives…
Gray Serpent: Animals killed for meat, crops scythed for grain, trees cut for wood… so many lives given up to keep one alive.
Gray Serpent: These are hard times… those who wish to live must prove their worth…
Gray Serpent: Unfortunately, your brother failed to demonstrate his value.
Gray Serpent: Listen to your brother. Pick yourself up. Live well for those who sacrificed themselves for you…
Gray Serpent: …Prove your worth.
Raven: He took me away. He protected me. He trained me.
Raven: To this day, I still fear dreaming about my brother. I’m afraid he might ask if I’ve led a good life…
Comm signals started flashing. Raven woke from her sleep.
Jackal: How do you feel? You should be fully healed by now.
Jackal: Feeling proud of yourself? You did defeat a Herrscher, and showed them that the World Serpent cannot be stopped.
Jackal: You also proved my hypothesis. Though armed with destructive Honkai powers, Herrschers are still mortal humans.
Raven: I hope you know what you’re doing, Jackal.
Jackal: Of course I do. This is the first time we’ve acquired a *live* Herrscher specimen!
Jackal: My experiments on her will greatly expand our knowledge about the very nature of the Honkai itself!
Raven: Will your experiments bring back the people killed by the Honkai?
Jackal: …You’re not a scientist, but I am. You won’t appreciate what opportunities this specimen can offer.
Jackal: You’ll never defeat an enemy if you refuse to understand it.
Jackal: We must embrace it, assess it, and learn how to defeat it. All your suffering would be in vain if we fail.
Jackal: Individual suffering and pain are just an insignificant speck of dust.
Jackal: We’re here to end the only suffering that matters: the pain that the Honkai inflicts upon the entire human race.
Jackal: So, let’s just focus on doing our respective jobs.
Raven: The Herrscher of the Void is under your control. The activation “button” is set.
Raven: No one will be around to stop our plans.
Jackal: Push the “button”. The people of this city will be reborn in 2 hours.


Gameplay 14-7 - Aid:
Rita: According to the data we’ve collected, this should be the biomedical park.
Rita: If things go well, we should be able to find clues about the antidote.
Alvitr: If… and I mean *IF* you’re exposed, you can activate Stalker Carbon’s auto-mode to help you escape.
Rita: Please have faith in me, Alvitr.
A cut mark. Looks fresh.
A fight must have occurred here.
The pharmaceutical lab is on the right.
Some finished formulation might be found there.
The lab capsule had been opened.
There’s nothing in there now.
The researchers’ office is on the left.
Some research logs might be found there.
This messy log records a string of characters.
Might be the password for the synthesis system.
Rita: Keywords: HSN-B46, block reactions.
Rita: That’s where it’s kept.
Rita: Hmm… very heavily guarded.


CG plays wherein Rita searches the system, but is found and ambushed by Mei:
Rita: Miss Raiden, it’s been a long time.


Gameplay 14-8 - Deal:
Mei: I received the message you sent via the child.
Rita: And it seems that Lady Luck is still on my side.
Rita: The “help” has arrived.
Rita: Did Dr. Tesla come along?
Mei: We prepared for the worst once we received your message.
Mei: Give me a good reason to trust you.
Rita: Lying is unwise, especially when lives are in danger.
Rita: Look around, Miss Raiden. There is no ambush. The serum weakened me and placed me at your mercy.
Rita: This deal is as real as it can be. Help me find the antidote and I’ll tell you where Miss Kaslana is.
To prove her words, Rita used a projector on her battlesuit to play a video of her fighting alongside Kiana.
Rita: We’re both in this city. We’re on the same side.
Mei: Hmph.
Rita: I’m pleased that we’ve reached an amicable agreement. I’m counting on you, Miss Raiden.
Mei: I have done what you asked for. Time to live up to your end of the bargain.
Rita: The World Serpent has a Honkai research facility located deep under this biomedical park.
Rita: Miss Kaslana should be imprisoned there. I will send you the map and route…
A blade was drawn, its cold edge pressed against Rita’s neck and cutting her words short.
Rita: …And your reason for doing this?
Mei: I need one more thing, Rita.
Mei: I want the eye. Gray Serpent’s eye.
Rita: …As you wish.
Mei: This eye will set that child free.
Rita: A gentle reminder, Miss Raiden. For every moment you delay your rescue, you extend Miss Kaslana’s sufferings.
Rita: I’m afraid I have to bid you farewell. Hopefully you will not press your blade against my neck next time.
Rita watched the girl leave.
Rita: I have secured the antidote.
Rita: Time to investigate what they did to the EOS.
Mei: No time for these enemies. I have to find Kiana as soon as I can.
Mei: The door is locked. Could it be because of the fight?
Mei: Not this way… Guess I should keep looking.
Mei: It’s coming from underground!
Mei: That elevator should take me to the underground lab.


Gameplay 14-9 - Ruse:
Underground lab. Biomedical park.
For countless nights, she dreamed of drowning in a bottomless abyss.
It was pitch black. An icy coldness engulfed her. She tried swimming towards the surface to catch her breath.
But it was just too dark and the surface was just too far. Giving up appeared so much easier…
She was tired. She was tempted to ignore the sufferings of the world and give in to sleep.
But a voice weakly called her name. Fine cracks appeared in massive slabs of ice.
Her name felt so alien to her… it felt as though it was never hers…
…Yet every syllable of that name tugged at her heart.
Fu Hua: Kiana!
Fu Hua: Kiana Kaslana! Wake up!
She remembered that name. She always longed to have that name.
She slowly regained consciousness. She remembered things… the experiments and the interrogation.
Her mission was not yet complete… she would not let herself continue sleeping.
Kiana: *HAKK* *KAFF*
Jackal: Very impressive, Herrscher of the Void. You were unconscious for only 0.3 seconds in this test run.
Jackal: Your body is a work of wonders. No matter what I do, it always manages to put itself back together…
Jackal: Can you still talk?
Kiana: Your experiment… how many people in Arc City will survive your experiment?
Jackal: Are numbers that important to you? I thought we humans were just meaningless bread crumbs on your dinner table.
Jackal: I’ll gladly share the answer once I have one… if you are still alive by then, of course.
Jackal: Alright, next test item: interconnections between the Herrscher Core and biological tissue.
The girl could bear it no longer. She began to scream in pain.
Jackal observed her through a comm screen and gave off a sadistic laugh of enjoyment.
Jackal: Your cells and tissues exhibit an astonishing level of Honkai resistance…
Jackal: The Stigmata has started glowing after we injected the Honkai solution…
Jackal: Such beauteous patterns… oh how my faith has grown for my Sire’s promises of the future…
Kiana: The Stigmata… you did everything you could to steal the Schicksal vaccines… and pissed off the Valkyries…
Kiana: But nobody… nobody in this city has Stigmata except for the zombies…
Kiana: Your calculations are wrong…
Jackal: Preposterous. I refuse to discuss details of my profession with a lab rat.
Jackal waved her hand and initiated a new test.
Kiana: KYAAA–!!
Kiana: Maybe you did your math wrong… placed the decimal point at a funny place… always happens to me…
Jackal waved her hand again and added another torturous routine.
Kiana: KYAAAAAAAAA—!!!
Jackal: You’re an insect that acquired powers you don’t deserve, and you think that allows you to determine the world’s fate…
Jackal: This is divine knowledge poised to shape our future! I won’t let you insult it with grade school arithmetic.
Jackal: Improvements to the vaccine, the amount of Honkai energy to baptise the city with and fully activate the peoples’ Stigmata…
Jackal: …These are secrets known only to a genius like me.
Kiana: You’re… releasing the Honkai energy? Where? The city center… or its outskirts?
Jackal: You’re getting too inquisitive, lab rat. Skip the other tests. Start the dissection at once…
Kiana: What the hell? And I was giving you such a good show! I thought you would tell me something more.
The lab rat suddenly smiled. She turned out to be a guest of a bad comedy show who had finally lost her patience.
Kiana: Forget it. I don’t think I’ll get anything else from you.
Jackal’s “helpless specimen” no longer squirmed and trembled in pain. Instead, she grinned like a predator.
Jackal: This… this isn’t possible! We’ve already…
Kiana: Oh come on. I thought every girl knew how to fake painful screams and tears to get her way.
Kiana: To be honest, your hurty nonsense didn’t really hurt at all.
She raised her fist and swung a punch, then another.
The hardened reinforced glass shattered like thin ice before her wrath.
Kiana: And I’m going to smash more than this stupid glass. I’m gonna smash your stupid Project STIGMA as well!
Jackal: I’ll show you…
The girl threw a few more punches, destroying the comm screen before Jackal could describe her threat.
Kiana: And I’ll smash your stupid dog head as well!
Kiana ripped bundles of IV tubes off her body, stepped out of the testing tank, and took in a deep breath.
Alarms went off around her. A holding cell slowly opened to release a monster encased in a sickening purple carapace.
The girl smiled and prepared herself for combat.
Fu Hua: Kiana, you…
Fu Hua: Are you alright?
Kiana: Funny thing is… it doesn’t hurt at all.
Fu Hua: …


Act 3 - Break of Dawn:
Gameplay 14-10 - Reunion:
Her killing blow shattered the Honkai beast into black fragments that quickly disappeared into a yawning void.
A mighty explosion quickly followed. The giant doors behind her shook and fell apart.
Kiana spun around and readied herself for another fight.
…But the intruder was someone she was wholly unprepared to meet.
Mei: Kiana…
Kiana Kaslana had fantasised a million different reunions with Mei Raiden.
…But this was not one of them. She did not expect to meet her at this time or at this place…
There was no joy in her heart. There was only fear.
Kiana: Mei…
Kiana: What are you doing here? You… you shouldn’t be here! This place… it’s dangerous!
After all she had been through, she thought she was strong enough to face her best friend.
But she lost all courage the very moment she saw Mei. She became that drifter girl once more.
Guilt and fear of losing control plagued her heart. The demon of her past whispered behind her ears.
Mei held Kiana in a tight, silent embrace.
She held on tightly for fear of losing Kiana if she let go.
Mei: Kiana, you’re hurt…
Mei: I’ll take you back to the Hyperion. Principal Theresa… everyone’s waiting for you.
Kiana: No… I can’t go back, Mei.
The past where she could laugh with her friends was gone. She could not pretend that nothing had happened.
Will they welcome her with smiles and hugs?
Some wounds would never heal. A forced smile only worsens the pain it tries to disguise.
Kiana: I’m sorry… I can’t go back… I can’t put you all in danger again.
Mei looked at Kiana as though she were a stranger.
Fu Hua: Uhm… Kiana, this isn’t the time to talk about the past.
Fu Hua: Enemies are coming through the corridors. Tell Mei to get ready for battle.
Kiana: Give me some time, Mei. We must leave this place quickly. I need to save this city from disaster…
Kiana: …Before we can talk about other things.
Mei: I understand. Rita told me where to find you. She told me everything.
Mei: Kiana… I want you to know that I… that everyone on the Hyperion will always be waiting for you.
Kiana nodded. She then turned around to face the enemies.


Gameplay 14-11 - Turnaround:
Kiana: In the lab, that dog face mentioned their plans. Besides making a vaccine to wake up the Stigmata in peoples’ bodies…
Kiana: …They’re also creating a Honkai disaster that will affect the entire city to completely activate those Stigmata!
Mei: No more details about the time and location? Even if we destroy this place, there’s no way to stop their plan.
Rita: I know where it is.
Rita: Looks like Miss Kaslana has been well. I’m relieved.
Mei: Don’t even think about taking her away from me!
Rita: Calm down, Miss Raiden. I told you, we’re on the same team in this city.
Rita: About the World Serpent’s plan to create Honkai disasters here… I think I know what the rest of the plan is.
Rita: This city has been closely monitoring Honkai energy usage. Anything that may cause large-scale Honkai reactions shouldn’t be found… except for those that could pass the inspection and enter this city legally.
Rita: Especially those giant vehicles powered by Honkai energy. Our EOS is a perfect choice.
Kiana: So they…
Rita: They took the EOS’ engine and placed it on top of the signal tower in the center of the city for max effect.
Rita: Remove the protective cover, have the engine run in overload for a while, and then… BOOM!
Rita: A bomb that releases the massive Honkai energy made by our engine… No way we can get out of this investigation.
Kiana: We can’t stay here any longer!
Rita: You’re right. But it looks like they’re not going to let us leave.
A giant shadow slowly approaches, blocking both their path and view.
Kiana: …How come?! I just killed it!
The gigantic figure of the strange purple beast reemerged in the air.
It shook its translucent shell, raising its claws, ready to attack.
Rita: Miss Kaslana, remember what you said to me?
Rita: “Making an escape is nothing compared to saving a city”.
Rita: I’ll distract it. You go stop the bomb.
Kiana: …Okay.
Rita: Thank you for saving me at that time.
Rita: And that evens our score.
Carcasses of slain beasts covered the ground. Rita panted. Her body had not yet fully recovered from the serum.
Her communicator buzzed. A familiar voice spoke.
Rita: She took her sweet time…
Rita: …I won’t be around if Master Durandal arrives to take you away.


Gameplay 14-12 - Breakthrough:
CG plays wherein Raven interrupts Mei and Kiana’s escape attempt:
Kiana: We’re almost there!
Kiana: Mei!
Raven: Here we meet again.
Raven: No one will stand in my way this time…


Gameplay 14-13 - Falling Feather:
Kiana: Mei!
Mei: I’m fine, Kiana. Don’t let me distract you from your mission.
The girl gently lowered her injured friend and stood up.
The gray cape flapped in the wind. She was a raptor with both eyes on her prey.
Kiana: Move it!
Kiana: It isn’t too late to stop! Your plans won’t save anyone. You’re just murdering them.
Raven: You? Accusing me of murder? You created the 2nd Eruption… you are the worst genocidal monster in human history…
Raven: You are a fiend! You have no right to accuse us of anything!
Raven: Have you ever heard the cries of those who suffered because of you?
Raven: Those who were infected by deadly Honkai energy?
Raven: Those grieving widows robbed of their husbands?
Raven: Those children torn from their families and turned into soldiers?
Raven: YOU HAVE NOT! You are deaf to the weeping and the howling and the gnashing of teeth!
The once-expressionless face betrayed a hint of sorrow.
Raven: Once our plan succeeds, humanity will no longer need to fear you and whatever you might represent.
Kiana: Move it! I won’t say it again!
The fighters clashed in mid-air and landed without a sound. Victory had been decided.
Blood stained Raven’s cape. She staggered as she tried to cover her wounds. She could not accept this defeat.
Raven: Go on, do it… Herrscher of the Void…
Raven: Kill me… just like how you’ve been killing us all this time…
Kiana looked into her enemy’s eyes.
She was probably about as old as she was… but those eyes only witnessed scenes of death and terror.
Kiana holstered her guns.
Raven: …Our experiment has begun.
Raven: You cannot stop it, no matter what you do.
Raven: I’ve delayed you long enough with this fight. I win.
Raven gave a cruel smile. She waved her hands weakly and created a smoke screen.
Kiana: Wait…!
Raven disappeared without a trace into the shadows of the city.
Kiana: Grr… I can’t believe I’m running out of time when I’m just so close…
She had spent every iota of her strength. Her body was on the verge of collapse.
Kiana: There must be some other way… this is definitely the last place to get stuck in.
Fu Hua: Kiana, you must unleash your Herrscher powers.
Kiana: Fu Hua? What did you just say?
Fu Hua: Use your Void powers. We might be able to get there on time and stop the disaster.
Kiana: I… I know exactly what your plans are… and I know it’s the only way
Kiana: But you… you’re hardly strong enough…
Fu Hua: Still strong enough to keep her persona in check, Kiana. Pay me no heed. Go ahead and use those powers.
Fu Hua: I realised that you’re right. We shouldn’t always be running away from our problems.
Fu Hua: Those who fell fighting the Honkai are gone. They will never see you making this world a better place.
Fu Hua: But the living will see what you have done for everyone.
Kiana turned around and looked into Mei’s eyes.
Mei’s lips trembled. She seemed to know that Kiana had made her choice.
The silence and sadness in her eyes conveyed her feelings to Kiana.
She knew that Kiana would not stop.
Kiana looked up. She then closed her eyes.


CG plays wherein Fu Hua seals Sirin away for the time being:
Fu Hua: Go ahead and do what must be done.
Kiana: Thank you, Fu Hua.


She became an arrow darting across the neon-illuminated nightscape of Arc City.


Special CG [Meteoric Salvation] plays:
Girl: Mummy! Look!
Kiana: You wanna get in my way?
Kiana: I have no time… for your… little games!
Kiana: Neko Charm!
Kiana: This is it…
Kiana: I must defuse the bomb now!
Kiana: This Honkai energy is incredible…
Himeko: Kiana…
Kiana: Himeko!
Kiana: Yeah…
Kiana: I… promised you!
Kiana: Together… We will shape this wretched world…
Kiana and Himeko: Into what we’ve always wanted!
Kiana: I have… kept my word…




























[Starfall] - Song Lyrics:
What is reflected in my eyes? Not the moonlight in a starless midnight
That showers on the people passing by
One’s so small and the world’s so wide
Every step forward echoes a sigh
I reach out for the halo far up high
Deeply engraved, my memory is silent but not forgotten indeed
Once I remember all the tales
Written inside this corp no more frail
I’ll follow what my heart used to believe
Crash against the barrier above the crowd
Flaring up pieces in the air to show a fairy starfall
I want no tomorrow or yesterday
These sparkles shine and never fade till the break of day
Deeply engraved, my memory is silent but not forgotten indeed
Someone has gone but a voice within me
Once I remember all the tales
Written inside this corp no more frail
I’ll follow what my heart used to believe
Crash against the barrier above the crowd
Flaring up pieces in the air to show a fairy starfall
I want no tomorrow or yesterday
These sparkles shine and never fade till the break of day
Crash against the barrier above the crowd
Flaring up pieces in the air to show a fairy starfall
I want no tomorrow or yesterday
These sparkles shine and never fade till the break of day.


  





The World Serpent’s dark plans shall end in one brilliant conflagration.
The girl was the only one who knew the secrets, and she gave chase to the fallen star.


CG plays wherein Mei runs in vain to catch the falling Kiana, all to be met with Durandal who had got there first, using the Abyss Flower to conjure a gigantic tree that caught her instead:
Mei: Kiana!
Mei: Kiana!
































































Game Ch XV: The Prodigal Girl Returns


Act 1 - Before Dawn:
Gameplay 15-1 - Sea of Sand:
Schicksal Vimur Labs, North Africa. The day before the Arc City incident.
This place was once a modern city that served as a hub between Europe and Africa.
It was a beautiful Mediterranean metropolis that never slept.
And then a single Honkai Eruption transformed it into a dead city in the middle of a lifeless desert.
Yet it was for these reasons that the city became Schicksal’s ideal testing grounds.
Comms: Attention all personnel. Test firing 42 of the 2nd Divine Key will commence in 5 minutes.
Alarm sirens could be heard throughout the city. The countdown was broadcast at every corner.
When the countdown reached zero, a cannon in the heart of the city roared and shook every grain of sand.
A giant pillar of light shot up to the sky. The beam seemed powerful enough to cleave the world in two.
The light then collided with something in mid-air.
The beam shattered a portion of the sky like a giant mirror and released a rain of broken shards.
The shattered opening revealed a realm of chaos. Stars of ill omen blinked within the roiling darkness.
Comms: Divine Key firing success. Initiating Stage 1. Energy output stabilised. Quantum interface wetting confirmed.
Hundreds of shades materialised from the chaos, seeping through the broken gap and falling to the earth below.
While these shades tore through the sky, the space-time fabric itself seemed to have tilted to one side.
A blond Valkyrie calmly observed the chaotic scene that unfolded before her.
Comms: Quantum Shadow incursions detected. All yours, Master Durandal.
Durandal: Roger.
Durandal calmly gave her answer and dove straight into battle.
Comms: A horde of Quantum Shadows are approaching. Get ready for attack.
Durandal: Roger.
Durandal: Target eradicated.
Comms: Coordinates updated. Please head to the next location.
Comms: Divine Key energy has reached operational threshold. Quantum dimension breached. Prep Stage 2 for coordinates observation.
Comms: Stage 2 will start any moment, Master Durandal. Please await further orders.
Having observed the test many times, Durandal knew the protocols like the back of her hand.
Durandal: …
10 Hyperion-class Honkai reactors ran at maximum capacity beneath the city.
These reactors powered the 2nd Divine Key to breach the space-time barrier and create a tunnel to the Sea of Quanta.
But unstable quantum interface wetting would cause Quantum Shadows to materialise in the local dimension.
Durandal’s mission was to defend the Divine Key and defeat the invading Shadows.
But the Sea of Quanta was not the objective of these experiments.
Reaching the operational threshold of the Divine Key made Stage 2 possible.
The Key could then create a tunnel that goes right through the quantum dimension and enter the unknown…
The terra incognita where laws governing the universe and the ultimate truth of life came into being…
…The Imaginary Tree.


Gameplay 15-2 - Way Seeking:
Comms: Quantum Shadows still emerging.
Comms: Please proceed with extermination, Master Durandal.
Meanwhile, at Schicksal HQ.
Otto: …
Otto’s eyes followed the rapidly changing datasheets displayed on the lab monitors.
The data was streamed from the African base and provided information about the firing of the Divine Key.
Otto’s lab was equipped with the most advanced Soulium computers.
Even then, finding useful hints from the astronomical volumes of data was near impossible.
Comms: Divine Key out of power. Tunnel collapse in 5, 4…
The Key required vast power to fire and sustain its beam. Otto had less than a minute to make his observations.
He must make sure that every moment counts.
Comms: …3, 2, 1. Tunnel collapse confirmed. The test run has ended.
The massive data stream ground to a halt. Otto waited for his computers to generate a result.
Vast amounts of resources were poured into this project because the Overseer needs a few numbers…
Numbers that he has always been looking for…
Numbers that he has yet to find…
Comms: Results compiled. Total nodes observed: 186,940,000. Deviation units from target node: 54.
Otto: 54… our progress seems limited.
Otto’s voice gave no hint of frustration. He understood the difficulties of these tests.
He had less than a minute to observe a near-infinity of targets.
According to his calculations, the tunnel must be kept open for at least 80,000 hours to find a probable answer.
He was not interested in the false realities offered by the bubble universes.
He must speed things up. A more efficient method for firing the Divine Key must be found.
This remained the only way to fulfill his wish before the Honkai destroys human civilisation.
Otto: It would seem we need the Herrscher of the Void and her powers.


Gameplay 15-3 - Exit:
Comms: All Quantum Shadows neutralised.
Comms: Orders from HQ. The experiment has ended, Master Durandal. Please report back to base.
Durandal: Roger.
Vimur Labs. 1km underground. The facility bustled with activity.
Work began with the end of every test. Instruments must be switched off or reset. The site must be cleared.
The Vimur facility was dedicated to experiments using the 2nd Divine Key and could withstand any surface-level attacks.
Yet this key installation was only defended by a single Valkyrie.
And this Schicksal ace rested in her quarters with a stern look on her face.
Durandal: Rita…?
She had just read the “Artemis” report sent by her adjutant Rita Rossweisse.
Durandal: …
The most powerful Valkyrie of Schicksal left her quarters without a word.


Gameplay 15-4 - Starfall:
3 hours later.
The night sky lit up and illuminated the entirety of Arc City. The residents looked upon this with wonder.
They would never know that they had just escaped the clutches of death.
Nor would they notice the savior of the city plunging lifelessly through the clouds.
No one noticed, except for one.
Mei: Kiana!
Mei dashed across the city’s skyline, hoping to catch Kiana and break her fall.
Enemy mechs closed in from all sides. Mei could not afford to slow down.
Mei: I’m here, Kiana! You’ll be coming home with us!
Mei: Out of my way!
Mei kept swinging her blade. It was the only thing she could do.
She finally broke through the final defenses…
She was so close to her friend… to Kiana.
Mei: …Kiana?
Before Mei got any closer, a brilliant blue comet fell from the heavens.
The light faded and revealed a blond Valkyrie who stood in her way.
Mei: You… you’re the Valkyrie they call Durandal!
Durandal: Greetings, Mei Raiden.


Gameplay 15-5 - Duel:
The wielder of the 6th Divine Key Abyss Flower and the ace S-rank Valkyrie of Schicksal.
Mei, an ex-Valkyrie, knew about Durandal’s fearsome exploits.
Mei faced the legend of Schicksal, but she would not back down from the fight.
Durandal: My orders are to retrieve Kiana Kaslana.
Mei drew a deep breath and tightly gripped her weapon.
Mei: You will not take her…
Mei: You can’t take Kiana away!
Durandal: Let’s see if I can.
Durandal: This should come to an end.
Durandal: It’s over, Mei Raiden. You stand no chance against me.
Mei: Our fight… it isn’t over yet…
Durandal: …
Mei: I will not let you take Kiana away…
Durandal: I like that strong look in your eyes.
Durandal: But your powers fail to match your will.
Durandal leaped into the sky with Kiana, leaving a bright afterburner trail behind her.
The glowing trail soon disappeared. Mei realised that she was left alone on the empty street.
Mei gave chase and ran as fast as she could and tried to push herself beyond her limit.
But however hard she tried, she fell further and further behind the trail of light.
She exhausted every last bit of her strength and was forced to stop.
Mei: I… I can’t do anything at all…
She shook uncontrollably and released an emotional outpouring of regret, anger, and guilt.
The ease with which Durandal brushed her aside and spoke of the fight cut like a knife to her heart.
The act of recalling that fight made it worse. Her best friend was taken, robbed with such terrifying ease.
But Mei could not forget this. She could not stop thinking about Kiana.
The joyful time at St. Freya seemed to have just taken place yesterday.
And then Kiana suddenly turned into the Void Queen of the Honkai who wore a grim smile on her face.
Mei fought long and hard for this reunion, only to see Durandal swoop in and take her away.
Everything had changed except for herself. She remained a timid girl hiding in her corner.
She understood that her chances of getting her back were growing slimmer.


Gameplay 15-6 - Dawn:
Heliopolis Life Sciences. Arc City.
Rita stood amidst the wreckage.
She just learned that Durandal had responded to her request for help. That thought alone comforted her.
Alvitr: Adjutant Rita, are you alright?
Rita: I’m fine, Alvitr.
Alvitr: Did you see that explosion in the sky? Did the Herrscher of the Void take the bomb away?
Alvitr: Why would she do that?
Rita: To protect the city and its people.
Alvitr: I thought she was a Herrscher…
Rita: We have other matters to attend to.
Rita: I’ve found the cure from Heliopolis.
Rita: Their plan has failed. I must grab the rat by its tail before it scurries back to its tunnel.
Rita: We must collect enough data on Heliopolis as soon as we can.
Rita: We might be able to dig out some clues to the core puzzle.
Alvitr: That’s so smart, Adjutant!
Alvitr: The security system is paralysed, making it much easier to hack into now.
Rita: The entire system of Heliopolis has been wrecked.
Rita: They’re trying to erase all evidence.
Rita: Raven has an accomplice.
Rita: The Herrscher of the Void told me that it’s someone with a “dog face”.
Alvitr: Dog face…? What does that mean?
Rita: Some figurative expression, perhaps. Anyway, we must hurry up.
Rita: …I guess I’m still too late.
Rita bit her lip when she saw the thoroughly destroyed database.
Rita: Alvitr, I need you to come over for data salvaging.
Beep…
Durandal: Rita, how are things looking on your end?
Rita: Most of Heliopolis’ data hardware was destroyed. We’re trying to fix it. Thank you for helping, Master Durandal.
Durandal: Good. Looks like you have it covered.
Durandal: I’ve retrieved the Herrscher. The Overseer ordered me to return at once, so I won’t be meeting up with you.
Rita: Understood.
Rita tried to remain calm, but she refused to cover up her failures.
Rita: Master Durandal… I will bear full responsibility for the failure of this mission.
Durandal: I’ll be the judge of that once I read the debriefing reports.
Rita: I will accept any penalty.
Durandal: You used to sound a lot more optimistic, Rita.
Durandal: Don’t blame yourself. I’m glad you’re alright.
Rita: Thank you…
Rita: …Master Durandal.
The long and dark night at Arc City finally ended with the arrival of dawn.
But the Serpent remained hidden. It prepared to make its next move.


Gameplay EX-1 - Lurking Umbra:
Jackal: We’ve cleaned the Gray Serpent’s black market and Heliopolis Life Sciences. Raven has retreated safely as well.
Jackal: Project STIGMA at Arc City almost succeeded. Losing the Herrscher dealt yet another blow.
Jackal: Of course, you can’t simply sit idly by and ignore this huge mess…
Jackal: Durandal, you’ve finally shown yourself…
Jackal: Sire, Durandal has taken the Herrscher of the Void.
Jackal: Our intel indicates she’s heading back to a Honkai-devastated city in North Africa.
Jackal: We’ve detected multiple Honkai energy spikes from this location during the last 2 years, and we know what they are.
Jackal: This dead city is undoubtedly the testing ground for the 2nd Divine Key.
Kevin: Deploy the forces. We have a lot of work to do.
Jackal: Also, 15 minutes and 36 seconds ago, Kiana Kaslana made contact with the EOS’ reactor and willingly activated her Herrscher form.
Jackal: Though energy readings were far lower than that of Sirin, we can assume that her metamorphosis has begun.
Jackal: Perhaps we should include her…
Kevin: I have other plans for her.
Jackal: Understood.


Act 2 - Mirage in the Desert:
Gameplay 15-7 - First Encounter:
Kiana: What’s… happening… to me? Why do I… feel… so heavy?
She could not see, hear, or smell anything. She reached around and felt nothing.
It felt as though she was swallowed by the darkness and her body just kept sinking.
Kiana tried to break free, but the harder she struggled, the deeper she sank.
She wanted to scream for help but no voice made its way out of her lungs.
She finally saw a beam erupting from the depths of this abyss. Kiana tried to move herself closer to this beam.
The beam grew brighter. Kiana could feel her senses returning.
And then she heard a soft voice calling her name.
Mei: Kiana… Kiana…
It was gentle and familiar. Kiana recognised it to be Mei’s.
She was almost out of strength when she made it to the portal from which the light poured through.
She instantly left the darkness behind her and dove into the world on the other side.
Before she could celebrate her escape, the scene she saw shocked her.
Kiana: What? What happened here?
Kiana: Mei? Where are you?
The once prosperous Arc City was consumed by fire. Smoke and screams of pain and suffering filled the skies.
Kiana tried looking for Mei in this devastated ruin of a city, but found nothing but despair.
She refused to believe this. She thought she had thrown that cursed bomb into space.
How? What destroyed this city?
Kiana desperately looked around for the cause of this disaster.
She suddenly noticed her trembling hands.
Her own hands…
…The hands of the Herrscher of the Void.
Kiana: No… this can’t be true!
Kiana: Mei… you must believe me! I threw it away…
Kiana: No…
Kiana: NOOOOOO!!!
Kiana: Mei!
Kiana: Huff… huff… it was… a nightmare? Thank goodness…
Kiana: Wait… where am I…
???: You’re awake.
Kiana’s body tensed at once. She did not know this voice.
Kiana: You’re… Durandal?
Durandal: I am.
Kiana: …
Kiana’s eyes slowly adapted to the light. She found herself in a heavily guarded cell.
She knew at once what had happened to her.
Kiana: What happened to Arc City? Where’s Mei?
Durandal: The city is safe, no one’s hurt, and the Valkyries are wrapping things up.
Durandal: Mei Raiden joined her friends and left the city.
Kiana: (Mei’s safe… at least I can feel happy about that…)
Durandal: You’re now in a Schicksal research facility located in North Africa.
Durandal: Any other questions?
Kiana: …
Kiana: Durandal… I knew we’d eventually meet face-to-face.
Durandal: I’m glad that you’ve mentally prepared yourself for this moment. It will make things easier for me.
Durandal: If you have no more questions, I suggest you lie down and get some rest.
Kiana sensed no hostility, but that only made herself more vigilant.
She tried to appear calm. She knew that her situation was one of the worst things that could happen.
Kiana: (Fu Hua… where are you, Fu Hua?)
Kiana called out to Fu Hua in her mind but there was no reply.
She then closed her eyes and tried reaching out to her, but Fu Hua remained silent.
She thought about Fu Hua’s final words. The sense of despair she felt at Arc City loomed over her once again.
But she was no longer the helpless Kiana from the past.
Kiana: (Well, guess I’m on my own again.)
Kiana: (I can probably use the Herrscher of the Void’s powers to…)
Durandal: I thought I told you to get some rest.
Kiana: What?!
Kiana: When did you…
Kiana saw her own panicked expression reflected in those blue eyes. Durandal’s glare stifled her escape attempt.
Durandal: This lab is 1000 meters underground. There’s nowhere to run.
Kiana: (How?! How did she know what I was thinking?)
Durandal: There’s no need to be so confused. I can easily read your thoughts.
Durandal: You’re injured and suffering from Herrscher Core infections. You even gave off Honkai energy while unconscious.
Durandal: Maybe you did it before, but you are in no shape to control that power within you.
Durandal: You’ll become nothing but a ticking time bomb if you leave this place.
Durandal: I’m glad we have an understanding. I hope you know what you should do.


Durandal: She’s awake, Overseer.
Durandal: But something isn’t right. She had been using her Herrscher powers, yet her Honkai energy levels just keep rising.
Otto: Satellite images from Arc City showed no Honkai dissipation when the engine exploded, but the energy must go somewhere.
Otto: I        t is obvious that the Herrscher absorbed all that energy, and that was exactly what you observed.
Otto: Now that she’s awake, we can proceed with the experiment right away.
Durandal: Now? Are we going to rush things? She still views Schicksal with great hostility.
Otto: I don’t think we have any chance of regaining her trust after everything she’s been through.
Otto: In fact, I believe her current condition is perfect for unleashing the amount of power I want.
Otto: Proceed with the test. I’m sure you can handle it. Just treat this as another routine run.
Durandal: …Yes, Overseer.
Private quarters.
Kiana stared at the salad. For the first time in her life, she lacked an appetite for food.
The Arc City dream and Durandal’s words haunted her.
Mei’s faint, ghostly voice further tugged at her heart.
Her gentle voice was once part of Kiana’s life. She would hear it when getting out of bed, having a meal, or taking a class.
Kiana then started reminiscing about her seemingly ordinary life at St. Freya…
The door suddenly opened before she could seek comfort from past memories.
*PSSSHHZ*
Durandal: Hmm. It appears you don’t like catfish.
Kiana: I don’t like fish because they’ve got bones in them.
Kiana: …Someone would always help me pick out the bones.
Durandal: …
Durandal: I see that you’re now well enough to make jokes. I won’t have to worry about your wellbeing anymore.
Durandal quickly cuffed Kiana.
Durandal: Follow me.
Kiana: What is this place?
Durandal: As you can see, it’s just another city in ruins.
Kiana: Who did this?
Durandal: …Is there anything else besides the Honkai that can destroy a city overnight?
As Durandal’s prisoner, Kiana thought of things to say but secretly studied her surroundings.
Kiana: (She’s not telling me anything useful…)
Durandal’s intent remained a mystery, but this trip presented a good opportunity.
Kiana focused on the dimensional fissures nearby that were visible only to the Herrscher of the Void.
Having spent countless dreams training with Fu Hua, she could now find a safe, stable passage within the fissures.
But she would need a vast amount of energy to achieve this teleportation, and she had only one shot at this.
Kiana: (Fu Hua…)
Kiana thought about Fu Hua again, but her guiding voice was nowhere to be found.
Now that she was recaptured by Schicksal, what would happen to Fu Hua within her mind?
Kiana gave that no further thought. She knew she had to escape.
WHOOOOOO…
A sudden gust of wind created a dust cloud that separated the guard from her prisoner. Kiana seized the moment.
Kiana: (Now!)
She concentrated energy within the invisible dimension and tore the space apart like paper.
Kiana: (I must escape!)
Durandal: Don’t even think about it.
Kiana: What?!
A lance landed near her feet. She lost her focus. The portal disappeared without a trace.
Durandal: If you want to escape, I’d rather you do it honorably.
Durandal: Defeat me in a fair fight and I’ll let you leave with pride.
Having said those words, she opened Kiana’s cuffs and let them fall into the sand.
Kiana: …I guess there’s no way around this.
Kiana: Since you want a fight so badly…
Kiana: Ugh!
Durandal: You’re talented. You quickly found ways to attack me, but you lacked training.
Kiana: (Curses! This damn Valkyrie is trying to educate me!)
Kiana: (But she’s just so… strong! She’s far stronger than anyone I know!)
Durandal: Pin your opponents with attacks, then deal the fatal blow when she exposes her weakness.
Kiana: I don’t need your stupid lecutres!
The air imploded as Kiana launched herself at Durandal like a cannon ball coiled for a powerful kick.
*THUD* Sharp pain shot through her waist. Her attempt was stopped in its tracks.
Durandal easily evaded her attack and responded with a similar kick that sent her flying.
Kiana: Ugh…
Kiana: How… that’s impossible!
Kiana: …How on earth do you know about the Kaslana Gun Kata?
Durandal: Because it’s a most effective martial art and I’ve studied it at length in the Schicksal library.
Durandal: Your moves are a chaotic mix of different stances. They only resemble the Kaslana Gun Kata.
Kiana: (But that’s what my stupid old man taught me!)
Durandal: Your attacks are mixed with the fighting styles of many other Valkyries.
Durandal: Warriors must learn to combine different techniques, but you did so without any thought.
Durandal: Due to your lack of training and understanding, you ended up looking more like a circus acrobat.
Kiana: Hey, what are you trying to say?!
Durandal: You failed to master the basics of close quarter combat. You’re far from ready.
Durandal: You’re not in control of your power, Herrscher of the Void.


Gameplay 15-8 - Epiphany:
Durandal: You’re not in control of your power, Herrscher of the Void.
Kiana: …
For many months, Kiana fought many battles alone while she drifted about in Arc City.
But Kiana felt this battle was different.
Her instincts warned her of an insurmountable gap between her and Durandal.
Brute force would not defeat this opponent. She needed a different approach.
Then came a stroke of inspiration. She remembered Fu Hua’s teachings…
Fu Hua: The Mantra is how you prepare your physical body for combat…
Fu Hua: Before each fight begins, clear your mind and relax your body…
Fu Hua: Feel every subtle change within your body…
Fu Hua: You will eventually feel nothing…
Fu Hua: …Except for the strength flowing within yourself.
Kiana gradually let go of herself.
She paid no heed to who, why, or where she was fighting.
Months of oneiric training and life-or-death situations culminated in this very moment.


CG plays wherein Kiana utilises what she’s learned from training for the Edge of Taixuan to gain control over her powers and summon Subspace Lances to fight with:
Kiana: Discard all your delusions, and calm your breath.
Kiana: Focus on the strength… Flowing within.


Durandal: The Sword Ki… the Edge of Taixuan?
Durandal: It seems I’ve made a mistake. You have more than just brute strength.
Kiana: Yeah, ‘cuz I thought you needed a warm-up! Time to show you my true powers!
Durandal: I can see that you’ve drawn upon enough power. You should be ready.
Durandal: Keep it up. You’re going to need it in a real battle.
Kiana: A real battle? What are you talking about…
BOOM!!!
Kiana: Wha… what are those things?!
Durandal: They will be your opponents.
Kiana: What the hell?! I’m not done fighting you!
Durandal: Apologies, but my mission is to perform a test, not fight you.
Durandal: Fight them with everything you’ve got and survive.
Kiana: Dammit! They just keep coming! They’re even worse than the roaches of Arc City!
Kiana: This fight is just a stupid waste of time…
Kiana: I guess that big hole in the sky is where they’re coming from.
Kiana: Sorry, big hole. I guess I’m gonna have to destroy you!


CG plays wherein Kiana launches her Subspace Lances toward the hole in the sky, shattering it and forcing closed the connection to the Sea of Quanta:
Kiana: Go!


Kiana: The hole is gone… it’s finally over!
Kiana: You’re… next…
An exhausted Kiana crumpled to the ground. She spent nearly all her strength to deal that blow.
She was in no shape to continue the fight. Her consciousness slipped away despite her struggles.
The last thing she saw was the blond Valkyrie slowly approaching her.
Even then, she had yet to realise…
…The purpose or meaning behind that test.








Gameplay 15-9 - Dormancy:
Durandal: …
Kiana: …
Tensions rose during the awkward silence between the guard and her prisoner as they returned to base.
Kiana: Liar! You said you’d let me go if I win.
Durandal: You only defeated several Quantum Shadows. You have yet to defeat me.
Kiana: And that’s because you quit fighting when you saw me unleash my killer move! Some may even call it cheating!
Durandal: That “killer move” of yours is the Sword Ki, the Edge of Taixuan.
Durandal: I believe it’s Fu Hua’s signature move.
Durandal: When and where did you study from her?
Kiana: …You’re not getting an answer from me.
Durandal: …
Kiana: …
Kiana: Why are you doing this?
Kiana: I heard a lot about you when I was a Valkyrie at St. Freya. Everyone saw you as a true hero.
Kiana: You’re the best S-rank Valkyrie ever. I wanted that title so bad… it was something I worked hard for!
Kiana: But you chose to side with Otto…
Kiana: Are you aware of the truth? Do you know the experiments they performed on me? Do you know what that man did?
Kiana: Why are you doing this? You have immense power… and you obviously aren’t a bad person…
Kiana: Why are you helping Schicksal?
Durandal: Schicksal is the only thing protecting billions of people from the Honkai.
Durandal: You should know that. You used to be a Valkyrie of Schicksal.
Kiana: Hngh…
Durandal: This world isn’t black and white. Duty is the only thing that matters.
Durandal: And I fight to honor my sense of duty.
Kiana: …
BOOM!!!
Kiana: Wha…?!
Alarms went off as surface-level explosions sent deep rumblings to the underground facility.
Comms: Master Durandal, the base is under attack. World Serpent mechs are attacking!




CG plays wherein a mech busts into the room, with Kiana using the distraction to slip away and escape:
Durandal: Kiana?
Durandal: She got away, huh…


Kiana: Phew… Finally…
Kiana: A train ahead. Maybe it can help me.
Kiana: The door is locked… I need something else.
Kiana: Over there… the elevator! Should be able to get to the ground.
Kiana: There are so many of them! I can’t believe they have the guts to take the fight directly to Schicksal’s turf!
Kiana: Getting around them won’t be hard.
Kiana: Sorry, people. This girl is getting out of jail!
Just as Kiana stood up and prepared to leave, a distant figure caught her attention.
Kiana: Wait, that’s…
The man seemed to have felt her gaze and raised his head.
Though miles apart, she was able to get a clear view of his face.
Kiana: …Kevin Kaslana?


Gameplay EX-2 - Before the Storm:
Schicksal HQ.
Otto sat alone in the lab and contemplated that anomalous moment in the test.
The “membrane” of the Imaginary Tree was untouchable, even to Durandal, yet K423 managed to shatter it completely.
Otto: There’s no question about this. The Herrscher of the Void has absolute mastery over Imaginary Space.
Otto: I’m so very close… the rest is just a matter of time and…
Durandal: Overseer, the base is under attack by a large hostile force from World Serpent. They know what we’re doing here.
Durandal: The Herrscher fled amidst the chaos. I’ll try to find her, but the Divine Key needs protecting. I can’t do both alone.
Otto: (World Serpent? Impeccable timing. The enemy came prepared.)
Otto: We’re unsure of the World Serpent’s target. Protect the Key and do not let them lay their hands on it.
Otto: Let K423 escape. I’d prefer she get herself as far away from that place as possible.
Otto: K423’s absence will work in our favor in our dealings with the World Serpent.
Otto: A backup plan is already in place. Schicksal will know where she goes. We’ll find her once we finish up here.
Durandal: Understood.


Act 3 - Within the Sand:
Gameplay 15-10 - Deadline:
Hundreds of mechs charged through the eroded city streets to hunt down their prey.
Kevin stood amidst the ruins, tall and moving like a statue amidst the iron tide.
Jackal: Sire, our vanguard has breached base defenses and engaged with Durandal.
Kevin: What about the Herrscher?
Jackal: We have no sightings of her yet. We’re continuing our search.
Kevin: Keep Durandal occupied. I will handle the Herrscher.
Jackal: Understood.
Kevin closed his eyes and listened to the voices that echoed in the breeze.
Traces of Honkai energy within miles converged like a giant maelstrom, with Kevin himself serving as its epicenter.
He sensed energy streams of various strengths, but none was close to that of a Herrscher-level entity.
A tiny turbulence in the swirling whirlpool caught his attention.
Though it was gone in an instant, Kevin knew he had located his quarry.
He opened his eyes and looked towards a ruined skyscraper located several miles away.
He saw the girl standing behind a shattered wall.
Kevin: …Found you.
Kiana: Did he see me at that moment?
Kiana: That’s impossible… Probably just a coincidence.
Kiana: Anyway… I should get out of here real quick.
Kiana: Phew… this should be far enough from that stupid base. I bet that guy didn’t see me at all.
Kiana: That man… Kevin… he kept appearing in my dreams.
Kiana: Fu Hua said that he’s dangerous. I better stay away from him.
Kiana: I’ll be out of here once I get through this part of the ruined city…
Kevin: You’re not going anywhere.
Kiana: What?!
Kiana: How?! How did you get here?
Kiana froze in the man’s presence. Her body could not even tremble.
His deep, dark gaze resonated with a fear hidden deep within the genetic memory of every human.
He wore the gaze of a predator that had found its prey.
Kiana: You’re here to… kill me?
The man gave no answer. Kiana then felt scorching heat aimed at her chest.
The flaming blade was pointed at her heart. He did not hesitate nor give any reason for his attack.
The blade then sank into her chest.


CG plays wherein Fu Hua emerges from her long absence to stop Kevin right in the nick of time:
Kevin: Fenghuang Down…
Kevin: Hua, long time no see.
Fu Hua: Kevin, stop.


Gameplay 15-11 - Destined Foe:
Kiana: Hngh…
Kiana: Fu Hua?!
Fu Hua: Run, Kiana, and don’t look back!
Kiana: What?!
Fu Hua: I wanted to stay with you for a while longer, but we must now go our separate ways.
Kiana: Fu Hua, no…
Fu Hua: Remember the promise we made in Arc City? You gave me your word.
Fu Hua: I’ll try to delay him for as long as I can. You must leave this place… right now.
Kiana: …
Fu Hua: If you fall here, your promise of making the world a better place dies with you.
Fu Hua: Do what must be done. It is your duty.
Kiana: Fu Hua…
Kiana: I understand… I’m so sorry…
Kiana closed her eyes and ran away without looking back.
The girl soon disappeared into the swirling dust.
Fu Hua: Farewell, Kiana.
Kevin: You’ve changed, Hua.
Fu Hua: Perhaps…
Kevin: Fenghuang Down… you know very well that it cannot interfere with my senses.
Fu Hua took a step forward and extended her hand, becoming as unmoving as a mountain.
His eyes flashed with sudden nostalgia.
The warrior had stood beside him in countless battles fought over 50,000 years ago.


CG plays wherein all of Fu Hua’s past identities are shown, a monument to all that she has endured and witnessed:
Fu Hua: I do not intend to disturb your senses.
Fu Hua: I only wish to show you everything I have endured…
Fu Hua: And… my state of mind.




The girl ran across the ruins, not giving a care to the battle around her.
Giant constructs of iron and steel tried to block her way. She vented her anger and frustrations on them.
Kiana: Dammit! Dammit!
Her attacks pulverised and destroyed, but they were utterly meaningless.
She clearly knew that she had faced a hopeless fight and was forced to flee.
Kiana: Leave me alone!!!
Kiana: Die!!!
The girl gave a furious roar. A Honkai storm swept across the hostile mechs and destroyed them.
The sudden outburst of stored energy exhausted Kiana. She collapsed to the ground and wheezed.
The outburst may have soothed her, but it soon invited a wave of pain and loss.
She looked to the horizon and saw a dust storm that blotted out the sky.
She knew she had no choice.
She must keep moving or the sand would bury her.


Gameplay 15-12 - Departure:
Durandal: Activate recon system.
Comms: Enemy forces have diminished, Master Durandal.
Durandal: Roger. Terminate them once and for all.
Comms: We’ve found the Herrscher of the Void, Master Durandal.
Durandal looked to the boundary between the city and the desert. A figure could be seen shimmering in the heat haze.
Durandal: Let her go. Overseer’s orders.
Comms: We’re letting her go? Is that a smart thing to do?
Durandal: It’s alright. She’s not the enemy.
Durandal: …I just wish I could tell her something before she left.
Durandal: Catfish fillet hardly has any bones.


Gameplay 15-13 - Death Battle:
While Durandal crushed the World Serpent invasion…
…Another battle ended in the dream world created by Fenghuang Down.
Kevin: Your last attack was powerful, Hua. But you lacked the power to sustain it.
Kevin: We could have witnessed humanity’s victory over the Honkai as comrades.
Kevin: …
Kevin: You have given far too much. You need rest.
Kevin: You no longer need to concern yourself with what happens next. I will finish our mission.
Kevin touched Fu Hua’s extinguishing shadow.
He opened his hand. An ephemeral feather rested in his palm.
The dream world disintegrated at that very moment. Kevin was once again standing in the middle of the dusty ruins.
Kevin: Sleep in peace, friend. I will wake you once this is over.
Jackal: You’ve finally responded, Sire. What happened just then?
Kevin: A reunion with an old friend.
Jackal: The Herrscher escaped using her powers and we failed to locate her. Durandal is also heading to your location.
Kevin: Then I shall start with her…
The blond Valkyrie suddenly stood before him before he could finish his words.
Durandal: You must be the head of the World Serpent.
Kevin: …
Kevin: Let it begin.
Durandal: As you wish.


Beyond the ruins, ocean waves blurred by the sand mist rose and fell, repeating a pattern that was eons old.
But the next instant, a storm of ice swept over, turning the ocean surface into an enormous frozen sheet.
Even a whale that leapt out for fresh air failed to escape and was made into an imposing sculpture.
From the very top of the sculpture, the man slowly descended.
In the eye of the frigid storm, he stood perfectly still as the piercing wind ravaged the world.
He looked down to the horizon, waiting patiently for his challenger to emerge.
Where the sea ended, Durandal was striding on the icy ground and closing in fast.
Two mighty forces clashed like fiery tides on the wild sea.
But right before it was too late, a figure ambled out from the storm.
With perfect composure, he looked on as if appreciating an extraordinary work of art.


The sandstorm and crashing waves outside the ruined city symbolised the conflict raging within.
A sudden blast of extreme cold radiated outwards and instantly froze the ocean surface into an icy plain.
This anomalous phenomenon heralded a battle of epic proportions…


Special CG [Durandal VS Kevin] plays


The two powers were opposing forces of nature poised to collide in a mighty clash. Only strength can prevail.
But just before battle could be joined, a figure calmly stepped into the arena.
He was perfectly composed, and treated the scene like a connoisseur admiring a majestic tapestry.


CG plays wherein Otto interrupts the fight:
Otto: Durandal, you may stop now.
Durandal: Overseer?
Otto: Leader of the World Serpent, that was very impressive.
Otto: Allow me to introduce myself.
Otto: I am Otto Apocalypse, Overseer of Schicksal.


Gameplay EX-3 - Fading Shadow:
Kiana trudged on the hot desert sands far away from the Schicksal base.
Kiana: Huff… huff…
Her body felt heavier with every step. Fatigue threatened to overwhelm her mind.
A cold, empty void emerged within her heart and grew with every step until it could almost swallow her whole.
Durandal: You’re not in control of your power, Herrscher of the Void.
Fu Hua: Do what must be done. It is your duty.
Kiana: …
Her journey seemed endless, but she had no choice but to go on.
Yet a name remained in her memories. The name dragged at her feet and urged her to turn back.
There was a time when she was always by her side. She must be on a desperate search for her whereabouts.
Where would she be right now? Where would she go?
Kiana: Mei…
Kiana did not know if it were beads of sweat or tears of longing that flowed down her cheeks. She closed her eyes.
For some unexplainable reason, she suddenly longed to return to that place…
The place where their fates were bound as one, the place where they first met…
Nagazora.










Game Ch XVI: Imminent Storm


Act 1 - Desolate Clouds:
Gameplay 16-1 - Passerine’s Retreat:
Maghreb, North Africa. A vantage point near the Schicksal Vimur Labs.
*WHOOO*
Raven: …
Raven: …The Herrscher is on the run. Are we to stand by and do nothing at all?
Gray Serpent: Give her time. That is the Sire’s orders.
Gray Serpent: A kernel of wheat might die alone, but it shall bear so much more should it fall into the soil.
Gray Serpent: She is now free. Time will tell if the seed of power within her can bear fruit.
Gray Serpent: Let us instead focus on something far more important.
Raven frowned but agreed, and shifted her focus to the distant ruins via her Divine Key.
Floating holographic optics adjusted themselves and delivered a clear image to her eye.
A strange golden hemisphere covered much of the plaza in the middle of the dead city.
The Schicksal Overseer created it using a golden fluid, isolating him and her Sire from the rest of the world.
Raven: I still find it hard to believe that our Sire would…
She paused shortly.
Raven: …Join hands with Schicksal.
Gray Serpent: I understand your doubts, Raven.
Gray Serpent: Otto is a scheming egoist who manipulates everything and everyone to achieve his goal. He cannot be trusted.
Gray Serpent: …But I assure you that the deal will come through.
Gray Serpent: His self-serving nature only makes our Sire’s offer infinitely more valuable.
Gray Serpent: The Serpent will soon rid Schicksal from its path.
Raven: I’ll obey the Sire’s orders, but there are others who have personal scores to settle with Schicksal.
Gray Serpent: Yet they’re also here as well.
Gray Serpent: All our key officers have gathered here. A rare sight, is it not?
Gray Serpent’s hollow voice faded away into the dusty wind.
Raven suddenly began to hear ghostly voices echoing from every corner of this desert.
Raven: If the negotiations should fail, I suppose we’ll attack Schicksal right here with our full might.
Gray Serpent: …
Gray Serpent: …
Raven: …Gray Serpent? You there?
Gray Serpent: …
Gray Serpent: Haha…
Gray Serpent: Hahahahah…
The ghostly whisper turned into a sinister laugh that rippled out across the vast yet empty desert.
Raven saw the golden half sphere dissolving slowly…
Gray Serpent: Raven, you can put away your weapon now.
Gray Serpent: Our Sire has just… concluded the deal.


Helios meeting room. Following day.
Tesla: Ugh… this piece is now trash.
It was a core component to the Raikiri blade just a few hours ago. Tesla sighed and threw it away.
Tesla disassembled Raikiri and arranged the components neatly before her.
Tesla: Apparently someone broke the blade, the hilt, the moderation circuitry… and even the energy valve.
Tesla: Great. I might as well build a brand new one from scratch.
Mei: …
Mei remained silent and “busied herself” by sorting the files piled on another desk.
They spent months on a nonstop search for Kiana and Himeko.
Intel came in from all over the world. Useful data was printed out, filed, and gradually filled this room.
Tesla: Still thinking about her?
Mei: Yes…
Tesla: Look on the bright side. At least she’s not in the hands of Schicksal or the World Serpent.
A few hours ago, Anti-Entropy was informed that the World Serpent had raided Schicksal’s labs in North Africa.
Not much was known about the battle, but everyone was sure that the Herrscher of the Void escaped.
They breathed a sigh of relief, but the sense of apprehension quickly returned.
Tesla: There’s just the two of us here. Do you want to talk about it?
Mei: Kiana… she’s… changed.
Mei: I can’t describe how she’s changed. Did she grow up? Become more mature? It just doesn’t feel right.
Mei: She had always been loud and restless. From the day we first met, I never knew she could ever be quiet or patient.
Mei: She was a troublemaker, but I found that reassuring. But something changed when I met her again in Arc City…
The look on Mei’s face sank, and so did her voice.
Mei: She was… quiet… too quiet. I couldn’t even… recognise her.
Mei: It takes a lot of painful experiences to change someone like that… anything could happen in 4 months…
Mei: Even now, she’s probably out there alone, enduring pain that we could hardly even imagine…
Mei: I just wish I could find her…
Tesla: …Don’t be too hard on yourself, Mei. It’s bad for your health. And we’re doing everything we can.
Tesla: Erm, just help me clear the desks. I need to make another run to the intel room.
Just before she left the room, Tesla turned around and took one last worried glance at Mei.
Alone, Mei sorted the files but her troubled mind was filled with images of her best friend Kiana.
4 months had passed since the Battle of Schicksal.
Kiana must have witnessed many cities in ruins and the devastation caused by the Honkai.
Did she blame herself for all those killed by the Great Eruption? Did she decide to take on this burden alone?
Mei shuddered. Though her wounds healed, the pain in her heart grew ever more intense.
Kiana’s words echoed in her memories.
Kiana: No… I can’t go back, Mei.
Kiana: I’m sorry… I can’t go back… I can’t put you all in danger again.
Mei wanted to forget this, but it was all she had. She felt like a cold, dead stone sinking in an icy, dark lake.
For the first time after meeting Kiana, Mei felt that the girl had become…
…A stranger.
*THUD*
Tesla: Mei, pack your gear! Let’s go!
Mei: What happened, Dr. Tesla?
Tesla: We… we found her!!


CG plays wherein Tesla and Mei arrive in Nagazora aboard the Helios:
Tesla: We’ve arrived.
Tesla: This is where Herrscher energy was detected.
Mei: Kiana…
Mei: Why…
Mei: Why did you come to Nagazora?


Tesla: Let’s go through what we know so far.
Tesla: The World Serpent attacked a Schicksal lab in North Africa yesterday, with Kiana seizing the moment to escape.
Tesla: A few hours later, our Far East post detected a Herrscher energy pulse in Nagazora that matched samples from Arc City.
Mei: She teleported to this place with her Herrscher powers…
Tesla: That’s right. An ultra-long-distance teleportation.
Tesla: She’s been off the radar since then. Our posts and satellites picked up nothing else.
Tesla: But at least we’re sure she was here. We might find more clues in the city.
Mei: Is Schicksal doing anything?
Tesla: Not yet. We’re ahead of them this time.
Tesla: The Helios landed in east Nagazora. We’ll set up a base point here and start with the surroundings.
Tesla: The city is now wholly deserted. I’ll set up a simple Honkai detector matrix to locate Kiana.
Tesla: We first need to find some open space.
Tesla: The wall over there. What is it?
Mei: That’s the Nagazora Wall.
Mei: It breaks the city in half. The west side and the east side.
Mei: A historical structure.
Mei: Oh… the streets are all flooded.
Tesla: Woah… still can’t believe it…
Tesla: …Even when I see it with my own eyes.
Tesla: Just unreal.
Tesla: This place will do. What happened to this place? The streets are flooded. The maps are useless now.
Tesla threw her luggage to the ground and started working on the detector.
Mei: I knew Nagazora was devastated, but seeing it again with my own eyes…
Tesla: The 3rd Honkai Eruption surely left its mark.
Tesla: Nagazora was a port city with a low elevation. The Eruption sank the place and led to seawater intrusion.
Tesla: Honkai-contaminated seawater made it worse. The eastern districts located downstream were hit the hardest.
Tesla: To think that Nagazora used to be a prosperous city with 3 million people just 3 years ago.
Mei: All this was caused by the 3rd Honkai Eruption…
Tesla: Well… it wasn’t your fault.
Mei: It doesn’t really matter. There’s no way to make up for the devastation that this city suffered.
Mei: I chose to become a Herrscher 3 years ago. The Nagazora tragedy might have been averted if I were stronger.
Mei: I know I can’t turn back time…but I’m always reminded of this disaster whenever I face a choice.
Mei: This is a burden that I must bear.
Mei: …Kiana must feel the same way.
Tesla: Sigh…
Tesla: The setup is complete. Let’s see if this detector matrix works.
Tesla had assembled the parts into a strange contraption while they conversed.
Tesla: To find Kiana, we must identify Herrscher energy by filtering out the background Honkai noise of Nagazora.
Tesla: This tech is pretty new, so the detection radius is only about 3 to 5 kilometers.
Mei: This means we need at least 3 to just cover the east city, and even more for the west.
Tesla: Yeah, so we’ll probably need to spend some time…
Tesla: …Wait! I think I found something!!!
A bright red spot popped up on the screen and kept blinking.
Mei: Dr. Tesla, that’s…
Tesla: Lemme see… this is it! It’s faint, but it’s definitely a Herrscher!
Tesla: …And it’s very close! Wait a sec… it’s… it’s right beside me?!
Tesla: …
Tesla: Oh… it’s you.
Mei: Erm…
Tesla: Oh, damn my memory… the Gem of Conquest is gone, but you still have traces of Herrscher energy.
Mei: Yes, Dr. Einstein also included that in her assessment report.
Mei: She said I wasn’t the only one. Your Sovereign was another case, though we don’t know the exact details.
Mei: And… I can’t control these trace powers either.
Tesla: I’d advise against that. You’ll only hurt yourself if you try to tap into an unstable source of energy.
Tesla: Back to the topic. After filtering out your energy signature, I don’t see anything around here.
Tesla: Sigh. Let’s head to the next location.


Gameplay 16-2 - Empty City I:
Tesla: Wow… the flood’s reached here too.
Tesla: Can’t even tell which way to go.
Mei: Honkai beasts are still roaming in the city.
Mei: They’ve been here since 3 years ago?
Mei: Eh? This place…
Tesla: What’s wrong?
Mei: I remember this place.
Tesla took a look at what Mei pointed out and saw a heavily damaged building.
Mei: I… I remember this place.
Mei: That big hole… I… I’m to blame for that.
Mei: I escaped from Nagazora together with Kiana and Bronya 3 years ago… I met Miss Himeko right at this place.
Mei: We thought she was an enemy… so we… fought.
Tesla: Just look at this pile of rubble. You probably gave her a ton of trouble.
Mei: Yes, I did. My Herrscher powers went rampant during the fight and Miss Himeko almost failed to stop us.
Mei: The Hyperion required heavy repairs afterwards. The prototype weapon aboard the ship was damaged beyond repair.
Mei: Miss Himeko was almost punished by HQ, but our Principal took the blame for that.
Mei: I feared losing control during our escape… and when I did lose it, I thought it was all over.
Mei: But I woke up lying on a warm bed with Miss Himeko next to me. She didn’t care about who… or what I am.
Mei: She said she’d forge me into a soldier in control of my powers. That’s why I became a Valkyrie.
Mei: Before I knew it, 3 years had passed…


Gameplay 16-3 - Empty City II:
Tesla: We’re very close to the next scanning location.
Mei: It’s getting harder to reach downtown… every overpass and street is underwater.
Mei: I don’t know where we’re going. It feels like we’re running around in circles.
Tesla: …Sigh, if only we had a map that works.
Tesla: Forget it. Let’s focus on the road.
Tesla: …Huh? Why is there an Anti-Entropy assistant robot?
Mei: Looks broken. Maybe left here 3 years ago?
Tesla: Nah, looks pretty new to me.
Tesla: Alright, let’s get to work.
The two set up the detector and were disappointed by the lonely red dot that could only come from Mei.
Mei: Ah, no luck at all…
Tesla: …Wait!
Tesla turned off the filter and revealed a cluster of red dots of various sizes.
Tesla: That’s strange… it doesn’t look like a zombie or beast… it looks… human.
Mei: Human? There are still people in Nagazora?
Tesla: Let’s go take a look.
Tesla: Wait, something funny’s on the ground.
Tesla: This is…


CG plays wherein what lies before the two just happens to be what seems like a small child:
Mei: Is this… a child?


Gameplay 16-4 - Lost Nestling I:
Helios. A few minutes later.
Mei: (We don’t know who the child is, but we can’t leave her out there…)
Mei peered into the sick bar through a window in the door. The little girl was awake.
Tesla sat next to her and said something. The girl looked nervous but appeared to be listening.
The door opened after several minutes.
*PSSSHHZ*
Mei: So who’s the girl, Dr. Tesla?
Tesla: Exactly as we suspected…
Tesla: …She’s a refugee, a local of Nagazora.
Tesla’s answer made Mei frown.
Tesla: Her name is Sora. She fled to the east city after the Honkai Eruption, and has lived there ever since.
Tesla: There are over a dozen kids like her, all under 16. They’ve lived in the ruined city for three years.
Mei: How did this happen…
Mei: Schicksal mobilised three branches for disaster relief and evac, but some were left behind…
Tesla: I asked her about the past but her memories are sketchy. She couldn’t remember anything about the Honkai.
Tesla: These kids now live in a place called the “Roost”. Ever heard of it?
Mei: The Roost? I don’t remember a place like that in Nagazora.
Tesla: And uhm… they have this woman who manages things. Sora calls her “Sensei”.
Tesla: That woman is usually away from Nagazora and only visits every 1 or 2 months with supplies and food.
Tesla: And that’s the weird part. If she can come and go as she pleases, why doesn’t she get these kids out of here?
Tesla: Ah… it’s already a big mess, and this Sensei complicates things even further. It’s even messier than Mophead’s bedroom now.
Tesla: I’ll try to make sense of this. You should go and talk to her.
Mei nodded and opened the door.
Mei: Hi, I’m Mei Raiden. You can call me Mei.
Sora: Uhm… greetings, Miss Mei.
Mei: Please, just call me Mei.
Mei: Dr. Tesla told me about you. You’re Sora, right?
Sora: Yes… Sora. People also call me Sora-chan.
Sora: Thank you for saving me…
Mei: Don’t worry, Sora. You’re very healthy. Your injuries will heal quickly.
Mei: We’ll take you home once you get better. Are you hungry? I’ll make something for you.
Sora: Hmm…
Sora blinked shyly. She wanted to say something but lacked the courage to do so.
Mei noticed that the child’s gaze shifted to the window and understood it at once.
Mei: Did you lose something?
Sora: …Yes. I lost a tiny robot… it’s round and blue…
Sora: It’s my friend, Mark II. Sensei gave it to me but it wasn’t next to me when I woke up…
Mei: (A robot assistant? I might have seen it somewhere.)
Sora: Mark II stores a lot of memories. I can’t do anything without its help…
Mei: I’ll find it for you.
Sora: …Thank you so much, Mei.
Mei: I remember it’s around here somewhere.
Mei: …Ah, found it!
Mei: Let’s bring it back. Sora would be glad.
Mei: Here’s your good friend.
Sora: Ah… Mark II, you’re back!
Sora cuddled the little robot like a cherished treasure.
Sora: My memory doesn’t work too well. I can’t remember much about the past.
Sora: Mark II is like my backup brain. It reminds me of things when I forget.
Sora: I’ll just ask “Mark II, Mark II, who am I?” and it will say…
Sora: …
Sora: …Why is it ignoring me?
Sora: Mark II isn’t responding to me… is it dead? *HIK HIK*
Mei: Oh dear… it’s alright, Sora. Robots don’t die. It’s probably just broken.
Mei: Dr. Tesla should be able to fix it.


Gameplay 16-5 - Lost Nestling II:
Clang… Clang…
Tesla: Done. Here you go!
Mark II: Bee… beeeeep…
Mark II: …
Mark II: Good… morning.
Sora: Whoah, Mark II is alive again!
Mei: Dr. Tesla, I asked Sora where the Roost was, and it seems to be very close to the last probing location.
Mei: Since she’s back on her feet, we can drop her off at the Roost and talk to the refugees.
Mei: Since they’ve been living in Nagazora all this time, one of them might have seen Kiana.
Tesla: Agreed. Let’s do this.
Sora: It’s strange here. Let’s get to the main road first.
Sora: Oh, I know this place. Should be…
Sora: …Where to go now?
Mark II: Left.
Sora: Ah! It’s left…
Tesla: I’m losing my faith…
Sora: Almost there! Gotta get through here…


CG plays wherein after following her through a tunnel, Sora introduces Tesla and Mei to the Roost:
Sora: This is our home.
Sora: Welcome to the Roost!




Act 2 - Roost of Nagazora:
Gameplay 16-6 - Dispersed Mist:
Mei: This is their home…
Mei: Dr. Tesla, these simple prefab plywood shelters were built on high rise buildings to stay above the flood.
Mei: I’m sure that Nagazora had nothing like this before… at least not before the Honkai.
Tesla: The shelters were built after the disaster. The refugees must have had outside help. Their “Sensei” must be the one…
Mei: Hmm. We have to ask about this Sensei.
Sora: Thanks for taking me home.
Sora: I told everyone that you saved me. The Roost welcomes you.
Mei: Sora, can you tell us more about your Sensei?
Sora: Of course. Sensei owns the Roost and she saved everyone here. She’s also very beautiful.
Sora: She built this place 3 years ago. She’s not here often, but always returns with food and strange presents.
Sora: When she’s gone, we go into the city and scavenge for things that we can add to the emergency stockpile.
Mei: The city? Wouldn’t that be dangerous?
Sora: Sensei created a “safe zone” where we can safely venture. Some didn’t like to scavenge, but we got used to it.
Sora: Sensei didn’t set any scavenging requirements. Everyone gets the same monthly supply no matter how much we collect.
Sora: There’s only one rule: Do your best and live well.
Sora: Everyone here’s experienced terrible things. Sensei taught us to help each other.
Mei: Do you know when she’ll be back? We want to ask her a few questions.
Sora: Uhm… Sensei should have been back yesterday, and it’s making me worried as well.
Sora: I tried looking for her but accidentally left the safe zone. The beasts chased me and I fell off a building…
Sora: Something’s wrong in this city… is Sensei alright? Can I ask you about the questions you have for our Sensei?
Mei: Actually, Dr. Tesla and I came here to look for a lost friend. It’s a long story…
Mei wanted to tell Sora everything, but then decided to skip the details about Herrschers.
Mei: …And that’s how it is. Since you’ve been here all this time, have you seen my friend Kiana?
Sora: No… Sensei should be able to help, but she’s not here. Maybe… you can ask the others first?
Resident: …Doesn’t ring a bell.
Resident: I’ve locked myself in for 3 weeks.
Resident: Girl with silver hair?
Resident: …A zombie?
Resident: …
No response, but there seemed to be someone inside.
Resident: (That’s a good looking girl…)
Resident: (I like Sensei better.)
Unclear murmurs came from somewhere.
Resident: Girl with silver hair and blue eyes… is she wearing a white bodysuit?
Mei: Ah… that must be her!
Resident: I saw her heading towards the west city.
Mei: West city… that’s the opposite side of town. That must be why most children didn’t see her.
Mei: Thank you.
Resident: Wait…
Resident: I heard… you can fight the Honkai beasts?
Resident: Can you help me find something? It’s a ruby pendant with a silver chain.
Resident: Shortly after I saw the girl, a giant purple Honkai beast attacked me and I lost the pendant in a panic.
Resident: I remember it was at the east city square… the area is filled with beasts. I can’t even get close…
Mei: (The pendant must be important to her. The square isn’t too far, I’ll go take a look.)
Mei: I’ll bring it back to you.
Resident: …Thank you.
Mei: The east city square… I think we were there before.
Mei: Alright, let’s find the pendant.
A smooth stone with beautiful colors.
A rare souvenir coin. Keep it for now.
Mei: There’s something on the ground.
A silver pendant.
The ruby switch was turned to reveal a family photo of three.
Mei: That’s it!
Mei: Is this your pendant?
Mei handed the pendant through the hole in the window.
Resident: Ah… Mum… Dad…
Mei: That pendant must be very important. Please take good care of it and don’t lose it again.
Resident: Thank you.
Resident: That girl… her name is Kiana, right?
Mei: Do you know something else?
Resident: She looked very sad when I saw her.
Resident: But I couldn’t tell for sure. We were far away.
Mei: Kiana…


Gameplay 16-7 - Deep Longing I:
Clang… Clang…
Mei walked down the stairs and saw Hephaestus fixing the outermost guardrails.
Resident: Wow… it’s Arahato!
The children surrounded the mech. Their eyes shone with excitement.
Resident: It’s my favorite anime! It was super popular in Nagazora!
Resident: I’ve memorised that cool line from Muji Countdown episode 3!
Resident: “This isn’t philosophy. It’s just a simple removal of annoying things.”
Resident: The battle where the Voidrine Tyrant demolished the hero team was so epic! I watched it dozens of times.
Tesla: WHY WOULD YOU KEEP WATCHING THAT BATTLE?!
An angry Tesla leaped out of the cockpit.
Tesla: So… I went to the last scanning location but found nothing. Kiana must have left the east city.
Mei: I asked the children in the shelters and someone saw her heading to the other side of town.
Mei: We should start moving at once and search the west city.
Tesla: Mei, I understand that you want to find Kiana as quickly as possible.
Tesla: But it’s getting dark. Let’s call it a day and start our search tomorrow.
Mei: But…
Tesla: We know she’s out there. That’s why we should be cautious and avoid unnecessary accidents.
Mei: I understand… but I still have a few hours before the sun sets. I can still do some scouting.
Tesla: Just get back before it gets dark.
Mei: Oh… one more thing.
Mei: Can we… help the children here?
Tesla: I’ll talk to Mophead and see what we can do.
Tesla: The Salt Lake base already took in some orphans, and we’re low on medical supplies. We must talk to their Sensei…
Tesla: I’m afraid our assistance will be quite limited…
Sora: You need to cross the Nagazora Wall to get to the west city. Let me lead the way since it’s easy to get lost there.
Mei: Thank you so much, Sora. We’ll protect you if something dangerous happens.
Sora: Don’t worry, I’ll hide in a safe place when the fighting starts.
Sora: We’re at the wall now.
Sora: The west city is just up ahead.
Mei: That’s it for today. Time to head back.
Mei: Sora, would you mind going to the Helios with me to get a health exam? We can have dinner together.
Mei: Thank you so much for helping us today.
Sora: Really? It feels bad saying this, but there’s only canned food at the Roost. I always wanted to try something else.
Mei: Alright. Let’s go.
Mei: …Huh, what’s that?
Mei stopped. She noticed something.
There was a building in the ruined concrete jungle.
Mei: That’s… Chiba Academy?
Sora: Lemme see… ah, yes, the famous Chiba Academy. Only rich people study there.
Sora: People say that if you’re a student of Chiba, you’re set for life.
Mei: Well… that isn’t exactly true. I used to be a student at Chiba as well.
Sora: Whoah… does that mean you… you’re super, super, super rich?
Mei: I was in school when the Honkai Eruption happened… I didn’t expect to return to this place like this.
Mei: So many things have happened since then.
Sora: Where’s your family?
Mei: I’m the only child, and my mother passed away when I was very young.
Mei: My father raised me alone. Shortly after I enrolled in Chiba, he was framed and thrown in prison.
Mei: He’s no longer in jail. Someone cleared his name and sent him somewhere safe.
Sora: You haven’t seen him for a while, right?
Mei: He’s on an important mission. We talk on the phone sometimes, but he always assures me that he’s safe.
Mei: …It was very painful when he was a wanted criminal.
Mei: My only family was taken away. The name of the Raiden clan was tarnished.
Mei: While I was being ostracised by my “friends”, people who coveted Father’s wealth tried to approach me.
Mei: The world I knew crumbled. I realised that no one cared about me. They cared only for the Raiden name.
Mei: I distanced myself from people. Being isolated and alone brought some respite to my heart.
Mei: And that was how I lived my life till the day when the Honkai arrived…
Mei: Someone changed me. Forever. I finally met her on that fateful day.
Sora: Her? Who is this person?
Mei: Kiana. Kiana Kaslana.
Mei: She saved me from the disaster.
Mei: She was the one who grabbed my hand and lifted me out of the darkness.
Mei: Her frail arm was imbued with unimaginable strength. I tried to twist and pull away from her, but she held on.
Mei: I looked into her blue eyes. She was naive and stubborn, but also reassuring and sincere.
Kiana: I won’t let you die!
Mei: She just couldn’t stop talking about how to save me, but she fought hard to save me from death.
Mei: It was a strange feeling. I never knew her before, and she knew nothing of my past, my life, nor my pain.
Mei: But… there was truth in her words. For the first time since my isolation, I… felt like trusting someone again.
Mei: We finally left Nagazora together.
Mei: Schicksal Valkyries took us away and we enrolled in St. Freya High. Things happened. I met new people.
Mei: The family, friends, home, and future I’d lost trickled back to me and I found a place where I belonged.
Mei: Now that I’ve been thinking about it, perhaps it was at that very moment…
Mei: That my life changed… it was Kiana who changed my life.
Thinking about the past brought a smile to Mei’s face. She had hardly smiled for many months.
It was a smile of pure happiness that could only be seen on an innocent girl with a happy life.
Mei: …Oh dear, I think I got carried away.
Sora: No, of course not! She must be very important to you.
Mei: We shared many memories in this place. Just walking around here reminds me of our past…
Mei: And thinking about the past makes me want to find her sooner…
Mei: She was once my protector… the time has come for me to protect her instead.


Gameplay 16-8 - Deep Longing II:
Helios. 1 hour later.
Sora: Kyaa… this is… so super tasty!
Mei: Have as much as you want. There’s more in the kitchen.
Sora: …It’s filled with chili peppers but it’s not spicy at all! It’s actually pretty sweet!
Tesla: Because they’re sweet peppers…
Sora: If only Sensei could cook like Mei. Sensei is such a nice person… but the food she makes isn’t nice at all…
Tesla: …Speaking of which, I’m curious about something.
Tesla: Your Sensei goes out every month. She had 3 years to help you leave. Why wouldn’t she do that?
Sora: Oh… she has her own reasons.
Sora: The Roost is a lonely place. We always wanted Sensei to tell us stories about herself.
Sora: Sensei came from a poor family. Something terrible happened when she was young and left her with nothing.
Sora: For many years, she worked hard, dealt with people from all over the world, and saved a small fortune.
Sora: She spent most of that money to buy a private island in a faraway country called… erm… I can’t remember.
Sora: She planned to build a large house and live happily and peacefully there.
Sora: She’ll also take us there along with people she saved in other countries.
Sora: The huge house was almost complete. We felt so happy that her hard work would finally pay off.
Sora: But no one foresaw that tragedy…
Mei: What happened?
Sora: The Great Eruption 4 months ago.
Sora: Sensei was here when it happened. Many beasts attacked us, but Sensei fought them off and protected the Roost.
Sora: The battle lasted hours, but we were finally safe. It was then that we received the bad news.
Sora: Sensei’s island sank beneath the waves…
Mei: …?
Sora: I can still remember what Sensei did that day…
Sora: She paced about and said “it’s fine”. Then she started throwing herself against the ground… she was crying.
Sora: Then Sensei rushed out of her room and howled at the waves like a child.
Sora: She kept howling until she ran out of tears and her voice turned coarse.
Sora: I could never forget the oath she swore at the setting sun.
Sora: “Humanity shall defeat the Honkai no matter the cost…!!”
Mei: …
Tesla: …
Mei: Oh dear… that’s… a very sad story.
Mei: Alright, Sora. I’ll escort you home before it gets too dark.
Sora: Mei… can I… take some of that delicious curry home so that everyone gets to try it?
Mei: Of course, I have it all packed and ready.
Mei smiled as she walked into the kitchen and brought out the bento boxes.
Mei: This is enough for 20. Share them with your friends.
Sora: Thank you so much, Mei. You’re the nicest person in the world!
Tesla: Humph, Mei is really good at taking care of people.
Tesla: …
Tesla: …Wait, is it my turn to do the dishes today?
Mei: Using tactical mechs to transport curry…
Mei: I hope Dr. Tesla won’t get mad.
Mei: Turning on autopilot… Done.
Mei: Safely arrived.
Mei: Here, share with everyone.
Sora: Mei, I gave out all the curry and everyone really liked it.
Mei: I’m happy to hear that.
Sora: I really wish Sensei could try it as well.
Sora: You’ll leave once you find Kiana, right?
Mei: Yes… we still need to take care of many things.
Mei: I’m sure we’ll meet again. Dr. Tesla and Anti-Entropy will try to help you and meet your Sensei.
Sora: Of course! You’re so kind, Mei. You’re just like our Sensei. I’m sure you’ll become good friends.
Mei: And you always sound happy every time we talk about your Sensei.
Sora: Yeah. She’s my Sensei in so many ways.
Sora: The disaster took away my memory… I could hardly remember my family, friends, the life I led, or even my dreams.
Sora: I could only remember waking up in Sensei’s arms as she silently walked through the ruined city.
Sora: It was dark and the clouds were heavy, but I… I felt as though light was shining on me.
Sora: Sensei gathered me with the other children, took us to the Roost, and told us that we would live together.
Sora: But I couldn’t remember anything and didn’t know what to do. I chose to follow Sensei wherever she went.
Sora: Sensei was a little annoyed, but she taught me survival skills since she couldn’t be in Nagazora all the time.
Sora: She taught me how to get around quickly, how to avoid the roaming beasts, and how to protect myself.
Sora: She taught me how to “live well”.
Mei: What does that mean?
Sora: I remember it was a normal afternoon. Sensei wished me happy birthday and told me about a present.
Sora: I was surprised since I couldn’t even remember my name. How did Sensei know my birthday?
Sora: …Sensei then gave this to me.
Sora held Mark II in her hands and gently asked:
Sora: “Mark II, Mark II, who am I?”
*PSSSHHZ*
The robot’s eyes created a holographic geometry that quickly expanded into a giant body of text.
Mei: What’s this?
Sora: …It’s my life.
Sora: My name, birthday, family members, experiences, an incomplete diary, social network page, and theme park visits…
Sora: Sensei pulled a lot of strings to salvage all these fragments of my life.
Sora: To be honest, my life was more honest than I had imagined.
Sora: But… it is still what it is. It’s my life.
Sora: It was the firm time that I learned my name, birthday, where I lived, and what I dreamed of.
Sora: I found out that I was loved and loved in return. I had hobbies and there were things that I hated.
Sora: Though my memories didn’t return, the text made me feel that I actually had a life in the past…
Sora: Sensei said I couldn’t “live well” without a past.
Sora: “Live well”... she always says that.
Sora: Nagazora was destroyed, but we’re still here. We’ll live on and live well in our fight against fate.
Sora: One day will come when we leave this place, go to the other side of the great sea, and bask in the sun.
Sora: The story of our struggle will inspire others to live on and live well in the future.
Sora: I believe that’s why Sensei built the Roost and gave me Mark II and my past on my birthday.
Mei: A reason to live on…
Mei: After that disaster, your Sensei changed you just like how Kiana changed me.
Sora: …Ah, it’s getting dark. I have to head back to my room. You should also head back, Mei.
Sora: We’ll definitely find Kiana tomorrow.
Mei: Of course. See you tomorrow.


Mei dreamed that night.
The dream felt so real that she thought she traveled back in time to that very afternoon 3 years ago.
Kiana: Ah… I’m so worn out! We finally lost them.
Kiana: These zombies can really run… they’re nothing like the stupid slowpokes I see in movies.
Mei: …
Kiana: Hey, what’s going on with you? Why are you so silent?
Mei: What… will happen to us?
Mei: The entire city is destroyed. There are monsters and zombies everywhere. There’s no help in sight…
Mei: We’re trying to escape the city, but where can we escape to?
Kiana: You worry too much. Look, I know this wise saying: Things will workout and then it will… grow muscles…
Mei: I believe it’s: “things will work themselves out.” Oh dear, how did you even get into Chiba.
Kiana: Eh… whatever. That’s not important.
Kiana: We can keep going east, go through that barrier, and meet actual people.
Kiana: If not, we’ll just head north, or… borrow a boat and head to another country. See, we have plenty of options.
Mei: …
Mei: …I think you better leave without me.
Mei: You might actually survive on your own… but I… I’m a ticking time bomb.
Kiana: Stop that stupid nonsense! You’re already back to normal!
Mei: You have no idea how I feel…
Mei: It felt as though darkness assailed me from all sides and tried to tear me apart…
Mei: I know the voice is still there… even if we escape now, it will follow me wherever I go…
Mei: If… if I lose control again…
Kiana: Then I’ll just beat you one more time. Easy.
Mei: …What?
Kiana: Look, I’ll carry you from danger and beat up all the bad guys.
Kiana: If you turn into that Herrscher thing again, I’ll just club your senses back into your head.
Kiana: I can do this all day, and I’ll keep doing it to protect you. But your head might hurt a bit. I mean… a lot.
Kiana: So quit worrying. You said you were alone. I used to be alone myself. Two ex-loners make the perfect team.
Kiana: We should focus on team-building and knowing each other. We can even be friends.
Mei: But the others… they won’t think like that…
Kiana: They won’t think anything if they don’t know anything! We’ll keep this as our BFF secret.
Kiana: And we’re super cute. We can bluff our way out of things. Tried it many times when I was traveling and it always worked!
Mei: …
Mei: You… you’re the biggest idiot I’ve ever seen.
Mei: But… you make me feel safe.
Kiana: What did you just say?
Mei: Nothing.
Mei: Let’s get going.
Kiana: What? Now? I’m starving and tired. I need food…
Mei: I’ll make something once we get to somewhere safe. Snacks from convenience stores won’t last forever.
Kiana: You? COOK?! Aren’t you a super-pampered princess who can’t do nothing?!
Kiana: Whatever. I gotta warn you. I’m super picky about food and I’m not easy to please.
Mei: *Chuckle* We’ll find out soon.
The following morning.
Mei: Dr. Tesla…
Tesla: Ah? What now… Mophead…
Mei: Wake up… we have a situation…
Tesla: …Situation? Oh, right… set warp destination to… Alpha Centauri…
Mei: Dr. Tesla… Dr. Tesla…
Tesla: Gosh… don’t rush this jump…
Mei: …
Mei: Dr. Tesla, you must wake up right now!
Mei: The flooding in Nagazora… it just got a lot worse!


Act 3 - Swept Away:
Gameplay 16-9 - Saving the Roost I:
Tesla: What the hell is going on?
Mei and Tesla were shocked by the scene they saw outside the Helios.
The sea that flooded the city was calm yesterday, but the water rose by more than 10 meters overnight.
Mei: This isn’t normal at all.
Mei: …The children might be in danger! We need to head to the Roost now!
Mei: No, Honkai beasts are gathering over there!
Sora: Hey! Mei!
Mei: Sora! I’m so glad you’re alright.
The children were busy moving the warehouse supplies. They were ill-prepared for the flood.
Tesla: All nearby Honkai beasts neutralised. Stay vigilant. We’ve gotta stay on guard.
Tesla: We must move the kids and supplies to higher ground. Tell them that I’m moving mechs into the shelters.
Sora: Oh… okay.


Gameplay 16-10 - Saving the Roost II:
Boom!
The residents vacated the lower levels of the Roost in less than 20 minutes.
Sora: Why did the flood waters rise? The city… has become very strange…
Mei: Dr. Tesla, I have a bad feeling about this.
Mei: The Honkai beasts are riled up, and they’re appearing in greater numbers, as if they’re… attracted to something.
Sora: Is it because of that… huge beast I saw yesterday?
Sora: I’ve never seen it before… it was like… the king of the monsters…
Mei: Where did you see it?
Sora: Near the Nagazora Wall. I can take you there.
Mei: This is urgent. We must investigate immediately.
Tesla: Alright, go ahead. Leave the defense of the shelters to me.
Tesla: Once I deal with the problem here, I’ll rendezvous with you at once.
Sora: Did you hear something?
Sora: Seems far away…
Mei: Honkai beasts… on the run?
Mei: No, it’s…
Sora: Watch out, Mei!


CG plays wherein the cause of the Honkai beasts’ retreat reveals itself:
Mei: No… No way…
Mei: Why are you here…?
Mei: Benares?!


Gameplay 16-11 - Elemental Fury I:
Mei: It looks different…
Mei: This power feels like…
Mei: Hngh…!!
Mei: (What’s… happening? My head… it hurts so much!)
Her mind was overcome by a strange dizziness, and ached with the crack of lightning and rumbling of thunder.
Mei: (Things don’t look good… they’re even more ferocious than last time…)
Mei grabbed Sora and leaped into a narrow depression while the beast flew in closely behind.
Sora: It’s… it’s right behind us!
???: Move aside, Sora!


CG plays wherein the Sensei of the Roost finally appears, revealing herself to be someone whom we know quite well:
Sora: …Ah!
Sora: Sensei!


Gameplay 16-12 - Elemental Fury II:
Mei: You…! Aren’t you…
Raven: Take her to somewhere safe, Mei Raiden.
Raven: I’ll handle this.
Mei: …Come on, Sora. Let’s go!
Sora: It’s Sensei! Sensei’s back!
Mei: Your Sensei is… this woman?
Sora: Yes… what’s wrong? You know her?
Mei: …
Mei: Phew… Should be safe here…
Mei: Eh? Dr. Tesla isn’t here?
Mei: Where did she go…
Raven: I’ve been waiting for you, Mei Raiden.
A shadow flew past. The lady in the black cape landed silently.
Sora: You’re back, Sensei! Did you beat that huge monster?
Raven: Sorry, it got away, but not before I broke one of its wings. It won’t be able to fly for a while.
Raven: …We’ll talk about this later, Sora. Get everyone inside and leave us.
Raven: I need to talk to our guest alone.
Sora felt the tension in the air. She nodded nervously and disappeared into one of the shelters.
Mei: …
Raven: You must have many questions, but I hope you can first accept my gratitude.
Raven: The children told me everything. You saved Sora and the Roost. If not for you, they might have been… anyway, thank you.
Mei: You’re their Sensei?
Raven: I am.
Mei: The children’s stories of you hardly describe the assassin I met in Arc City.
Raven: We all have our little secrets, don’t we?
Mei: …I hope their trust in you is not misplaced.
Raven: You came here for the Herrscher girl, right?
Mei: Yes, and Sora said you can help us find her.
Raven: That’s true, but I’m afraid I have bad news for you.
Mei: Why?
Raven: Because I came here to end her existence for good.


Gameplay 16-13 - Sunless Sky:
Raven: Because I came here to end her existence for good.
Mei: …! What is the World Serpent planning this time?!
Raven: The Serpent has nothing to do with this. I’ve decided to act alone on this.
Raven: You seem to be wholly oblivious to her condition.
Mei: What do you mean?
Raven: I’ll let you in on something new. Take it as a form of gratitude for helping the children.
Raven: The World Serpent once captured the Herrscher at Arc City. A mad lady then experimented on her. Cruelly.
Raven: But we later found out that she had faked all her painful cries. She never felt anything.
Raven: The Herrscher Cores have infected her systems. She can no longer feel pain.
Mei: That’s… impossible! I… I didn’t know anything about this.
Raven: A single Core can wipe out a city. And this girl has 3. Infection is only inevitable.
Raven: The girl used some kind of “cage” to contain the Herrscher and retain her persona, but it’s useless against Honkai infection.
Raven: That “cage” is probably long gone.
Raven: Rising sea levels, the Honkai horde, and the arrival of a Judgment-class beast all point to one obvious fact.
Raven: She’s losing control and the Herrscher is waking. She is the imminent flood about to burst the dam.
Raven: We intended to observe, but it’s clear she’s lost. Perhaps she knows since she chose to hide in this deserted place.
Raven: Thus, I must neutralise this threat before matters get worse.
Mei: Hold on!
Mei: An Anti-Entropy fleet will arrive and take her to a safe place and keep the children from danger…
Raven: And I don’t think Anti-Entropy can save her at all. I still remember that disaster 4 months ago.
Raven: The solution to this problem is obvious. We must sever it at the root.
Mei: Solution?! Sever?! You only want to kill her!
Raven: I’m grateful for what you did for the children, and you aren’t my target. I do not wish to fight you.
Raven: But keep getting in my way and I’ll have no choice but to…
Clang… Clang…
Raven: Good night, girl.
Mei: I… won’t let you touch her!!!
Shadows flashed, turning into a dark mist that engulfed Mei and inflicted grievous wounds on her.
The mist dispersed but Mei stood her ground. Physical wounds could not stop someone hardened by her inner pain.
Raven: …
Raven frowned. She withheld her attack and assessed her prey from an elevated vantage.
Her eyes turned red. Her strange cape billowed and fluttered loudly in the air.
Sora: Stop…! STOP!
Raven: …?
Her cape rested gently on her shoulders. Raven turned around and saw the child standing next to an open door.
Raven: Sora, I told you to stay inside.
Sora: Sensei… why are you fighting Mei?
Sora: Mei… she didn’t hurt us. She’s a nice lady who saved me…
Sora: She’s only here to look for her friend. You can help her do that, right?
Raven: I can’t let her take her friend away.
Sora: Why?
Raven: Because her friend is dangerous. She may hurt you. She may hurt everyone.
Sora: …? Then… will Mei be able to see her again?
Raven: …
Sora: …No? Never?
Raven: …
Raven’s silence proved more painful than any answer.
Sora: But that…
Sora: Mei misses Kiana very much… she couldn’t stop talking about her…
Sora: Kiana saved Mei 3 years ago just like how you saved us. Mei treats Kiana just like how we treat you, Sensei…
Sora: Please, Sensei… give Mei a chance…
Raven: …
Sora: You’re scaring me, Sensei… you’re turning into a different person.
Tears flowed from her eyes. Sora buried her face in her arms and shook like a tiny, frightened creature.
Raven: …!
Raven felt as though she had seen this before.
Years ago, there was a girl who cried like this in a burning village.
Raven: …There’s no need to fear, child.
She landed lightly and gently wiped the tears from Sora’s eyes.
Raven: I’ll give her a chance. I’ll promise you that.
Raven gently convinced Sora to head back to her home. She closed the door and turned around with a sigh.
Raven: …Leave the children out of our fight.
Raven: Follow me if you want to know where she is. I won’t attack you, but don’t you dare try to stop me.
Raven: I still see her as a threat, but I guess you’re welcome to feel otherwise.


Act 4 - Tracking the Scent:
Gameplay 16-14 - Loner’s Trail I:
Mei: …
Raven: …
Raven: This silence irks me. Say something, girl. I know we’re not friends, but I don’t mind talking.
Raven: …Fine. I’m tracking the Herrscher of the Void. Hmm… I just found a few suitable targets.
Raven’s words were filled with contempt, but she seemed like a person who would honor her words.
Mei followed her gaze and saw a few Chariot-class beasts roaming aimlessly about.
Mei: …What’s so special about these Honkai beasts?
Raven: Nothing so far.
Raven’s cape fluttered and she was gone in an instant…
Honkai Beast: …!!
A dark shadow flew past. Raven landed on the beast and sank her talons into its carapace.
A crimson hue quickly spread across the pale white shell until the beast was wholly covered in darkness.
Raven: The pain will be gone, child.
The beast’s dying roars soon stopped. It then collapsed lifelessly to the ground.
Mei: What did you do to it?
Raven: An intimate “exchange”, you might say.
Raven: These common beasts aren’t sentient, but will still respond to Honkai signals like they’re some form of pheromones.
Raven: Disrupting these signals allows us to change their behaviors. Controlling one beast will let us command the others.
Raven: That’s how I’ve kept the beasts and zombies away from the safe zone.
Mei: (...So that’s how the safe zone works.)
Raven: This “exchange” lets me send messages. I can receive messages from them as well.
Raven: I can link myself to their senses, enter their world, and experience things that no human has ever done before.
Raven: The heat wafting in the air, the warm currents flowing across the oceans…
Raven: …And the sweet scent of a Herrscher far away from this place.


Gameplay 16-15 - Loner’s Trail II:
Raven: …
Raven slowly opened her eyes after a long wait.
She took out a map, made a few strokes with her talons, and drew some circles in the west city.
Raven: The Herrscher’s scent drifts within the ambient Honkai energy of this city. One Honkai beast won’t get us anywhere.
Raven: I need more samples to pinpoint her location.
Raven: We can track down some stragglers, but I don’t think time is a luxury we have.
Honkai Beast: …!!
Mei: Why… why are the Honkai beasts swarming here?!
Raven: Seraph-class beasts roam this entire city and are more sensitive to Honkai energy.
Raven: So I invited them to a party. Makes things much faster, doesn’t it?
Mei: This is madness!
Raven: We’ve neutralised half the beasts of an entire city district.
Raven: You’re stronger than you look, samurai girl.
Raven picked up a Honkai Seraph effortlessly with her claws. Dark patterns began to spread across its body.
Raven: The children sided with you outsiders in a single day. Did you use some fairy magic on them?
Raven: I hope you didn’t bring up anything about Herrschers.
Mei: No, I didn’t tell her anything.
Raven: Good. The children know little about the Honkai and treat it as a strange disaster. Do try to keep it that way.
Mei: And did you tell her about your “job”?
Raven: Sora? No, and she doesn’t need to know. Once we cure her disease, I want her to leave this all behind.
Mei: …Disease?
Raven: Their incomplete Stigmata help them survive in Honkai-contaminated zones, but they’ll suffer withdrawal if the energy is absent.
Raven: There’s no quick and effective treatment. Long-term medication for gradual Stigmata activation carries the least risk.
Raven: The World Serpent can provide that medication. That mad lady may be filled with nonsense, but she’s still a genius.
Raven: Sadly, she’s only interested in special cases like them.
Mei: I… I don’t think you’re a bad person. Sora told me about you. She looks up to you.
Mei: You help these children while working with the Serpent to perform a deadly test on a populated city…
Mei: How can you live with this contradiction?
Raven opened her eyes and smiled at her.
Raven: You don’t know me well enough, girl.
Raven: I’m a hired blade and I only care about the bottom line. I’ll do anything and kill anyone for that.
Raven: I saved a few children, but I have a kill count that far exceeds that number.
Raven: I’ve seen far more extreme contradictions compared to mine.
Raven: An arms dealer who plunges entire regions into war may be a child’s hero or the backbone of a family.
Raven: A ruthless entrepreneur may also be a generous philanthropist dedicated to the wellbeing of his hometown.
Raven: And the seemingly innocent refugees shivering in the cold…
Raven: …They’d kill each other for a morsel of food, or turn into monsters just to make others feel their pain.
She tossed the Honkai carcass into the sea and watched it disappear beneath the waves.
Raven: I found Sora amidst the rubble. She struggled to talk with human words. She told me she wanted to live.
Raven: I… I do not wish to see her turn into a monster as well.
Raven: Spending time with the children makes me feel alive. It makes me feel good.
Mei: Then why do you still hate Kiana?
Raven: What’s your point?
Mei: You were in Arc City. You witnessed how she risked her own life to protect it.
Mei: She took it upon herself to save others from pain, yet disguised her own suffering with her cheerful smiles.
Mei: She may be the “Herrscher of the Void” to you, but you should know she’s also “Kiana Kaslana” to me.
Mei: Isn’t she one of the many contradictions you just described?
Mei: Why are you still so intent on killing her?
Raven: You trust in her ability to control the Herrscher. I don’t. I fear her power and refuse to risk anything.
Raven: It’s just that simple. Look, I think we can stop trying to convince each other.
Raven: You can talk about dreams and hopes. But I won’t let these alien concepts fool me.
Raven: I believe in facts and evidence. Sadly, neither you nor Anti-Entropy has any.
She casually tossed away the last Honkai beast and leaped away.
Raven: I’m a villain, but I’m not a demon. You must know that real demons actually roam this world.
Raven: People will hate her, use her, covet her powers, and seek to control her. Her life is hell and will never get better.
Raven: You can’t even stop me. Do you think you can stop those people?


Gameplay 16-16 - Silence of the Crow:
The two returned to the shelters. Sora hid behind a window and secretly glanced at them.
Raven remembered something and gave Sora a small package.
Raven: Almost forgot about this. Take it and share with the others.
Sora: …
Raven: I didn’t make this. It’s candied rice crisps I’ve brought from Shenzhou.
Sora: Oh… thank you, Sensei!
The little girl disappeared with the bag of dessert.
Raven: …
Raven: Give me a moment to triangulate the Herrscher’s location.
Raven: …And before I forget, I still owe you one.
Raven entered a dilapidated shed and emerged with a prisoner tied up with plenty of rope.
Mei: Dr. Tesla?!
Raven: I ran into her before I found you and Sora. There was some misunderstanding. She started it.
Mei: Why did you…?!
Raven: I only wanted to restrain her, but her language was… unhealthy for the children. Gagging her was the only option.
Raven: Take care of her and meet me at the wall. Remember, I promised Sora I’d take you. Alone.
Raven: And be prepared. The dragon won’t make it easy for us.
Raven: I sensed something strange while fighting it. It felt like… human sorrow, pain, and guilt.
Raven: Instinct drives Honkai beasts to gather around Herrschers. But this one wants to protect her.
Raven: I didn’t expect Honkai beasts to have such feelings. It reminds me a lot of you.
Mei: (I felt something in my mind when I fought this… Benares…)
Mei: (It felt strange… yet oddly familiar…)
Raven: Do your best, Miss Raiden, but I doubt you can change anything.
Mei carried Tesla back to the Helios. When the scientist woke, Mei told her about her meeting with Raven.
Tesla: What? Really?
Tesla: Are you sure you want to find Kiana with her help?
Mei: She intends to kill her. I must be there to stop her.
Tesla: This is getting out of hand. We need to call for support.
Tesla: That woman is dangerous.
Mei: I know, but her hatred for Kiana seems personal and not part of the World Serpent’s plans.
Mei: She’ll kill Kiana for certain, and she’ll show no mercy to anyone in her way.
Mei: But despite all that, I need her help to find my friend…
Mei: …There were so many times where she was right there before me.
Mei: The Battle of Schicksal, the fight against Rita… and when Durandal took her…
Mei: I could only watch on hopelessly as she was wrested away… too weak to even do anything.
Tesla: It wasn’t your fault…
Mei: Thank you, Dr. Tesla. You’ve always comforted me…
Mei: But… I can’t go on like this… not anymore… I can’t keep lying to myself…
Mei: Kiana’s presence helped me forget about the painful past, the loneliness, and the confusion…
Mei: But when she was gone, I suddenly realised that nothing had changed at all.
Mei: I… I haven’t changed at all…
Mei: I’m still a timid girl cowering in my corner, and I failed to notice that everyone was gone until it was too late.
Mei: My inability to change led to our separation… it’s what has led to what we’re facing today…
Mei: She has always protected me, but I… I failed to do anything for her…
Mei: I hate myself… I can’t go on like this.
Mei: I must accept the fact that I lack the power to protect her.
Mei: Accepting this doesn’t mean that I’m giving up. No, it will make me see things more clearly…
Mei: I have to… make sacrifices to bring her home.
Mei: I’ll face anything. I don’t care if I’m walking directly into a trap or set up against a deadly enemy…
Mei: …Because I know this is the only way I can protect Kiana.
Tesla: …
Tesla: Just be safe, Mei…


Act 5 - Imminent Storm:
Gameplay 16-17 - Abandoned by All I:
Raven waited quietly under the Nagazora Wall.
The air was still. A familiar yet hateful scent kept seeping through from the opposite side of the wall.
The source of this scent had not moved for a while. The girl was probably unconscious.
Raven knew she must be extremely careful. Any mistake could spell her doom.
She clenched her fists. Her hunt for the demoness was nearing its end. Long had she waited for this moment.
But…
Raven: …
What happened three nights ago continued to sow the seeds of doubt in her mind.
Raven fought her under the brilliant neon lights of Arc City and tasted defeat.
Raven waited for the enemy to pull the trigger and end her life, but she saw hesitation in her blue eyes.
The Herrscher of the Void spared her life that night.
The Herrscher of the Void saved Arc City that night.
When dawn broke, she witnessed the girl falling lifelessly from the heavens.
Was she dead? She had always prayed for that moment, but it brought her no satisfaction.
That bottomless hole remained in her heart. There was no comfort…
*TAP*… *TAP*…
Approaching footsteps ended her thoughts about the past.
Raven: You’re here.
Mei: …
Raven: She’s near the second quarantine gate of the wall. I hope you’re ready.
Mei: Let’s go.
Raven: The path is clear…
*WHOOO*
A thunderstorm suddenly descended. Raven’s cape fluttered loudly as a giant beast soared into the sky.
Raven: Time to face that beast…
Benares: …!!


Gameplay 16-18 - Abandoned by All II:
Mei: Ow…
Mei: My head… it’s hurting again…
Mei: That’s… the end…
Raven: Not yet.
Raven: We have to take it down…
Raven: …Before it takes us down.


CG plays wherein Benares returns to normal as it gets back up, seemingly crying:
Mei: It’s still… getting back up?


CG plays wherein Benares falls to the waters below, seemingly vanquished for now, with Raven now setting her sights on Mei:
Raven: And thus… our path has been cleared.
Raven: Now then…
Raven: Only one matter remains.


Gameplay 16-19 - Imminent Storm:
Raven: We’re close to the Herrscher.
Raven: She’s dangerous and may lose control at any time. Things will only get worse even if you send her away.
Raven: I’m actually curious about your choice.
Mei: I’m taking her away.
Raven: I’m afraid you’ll only walk away with her corpse…
Raven: …Because I *will* kill her.
Mei: …
Mei: And I won’t let that happen.
*PSSSHHZ*
She drew her blade. Raven smiled as though she had been expecting this.
Raven: …Very well.
Raven: We both know this is the only way to settle our disagreements.
Mei: Ugh…
Raven: You said you won’t let that happen…
Raven: …But the World Serpent knows everything about you. Without the Gem of Conquest, you’re just an ordinary girl.
Raven: You’ve always failed to protect her. This fight won’t be any different.
Mei: Why are you doing this? Why should she deserve such injustice?
Mei: Is it because of what she is? What she’s done in the past?
Mei: It’s only because she’s a Herrscher, isn’t it? But she would never hurt anyone…
Mei: How can this world treat this kind and gentle girl with such cruelty…
Raven: …Honkai energy levels are rising?!
Raven: This… this will kill you as well!
Mei: …I’ll gladly trade my life for hers!
Mei: She saved my life, and I shall save hers in return!


CG plays wherein Mei channels what little Herrscher power she has left to push Raven back:
Mei: I know I’ve been hiding behind her and running away.
Mei: But now there’s nowhere to run…
Mei: I must protect her.
Mei: As long as I breathe…
Mei: You will not harm her!
Raven: Very well… you have made your choice.


Raven: …
Mei: Huff… huff…
The electrical cracklings subsided. Mei’s eyes reverted to their normal hues as she slowly regained her footing.
Raven felt her scorched Soulium talons. They were no longer fit for combat.
That power… it was real.
Raven: …
Raven: That strong look in your eyes… I like it.
Raven: …Take her.
Mei: …?
Raven: Leave. Get as far away from here as you can. Keep your promise and don’t let her hurt anyone.
Raven: You have yourself to thank, girl. You proved yourself at the very last moment.
Raven: Now go, quickly, before I change my mind.
Raven disappeared in a gust of wind. Her voice echoed in the breeze.
Raven: Mei Raiden, we shall meet again.
Raven: You know where to find me…


CG plays wherein Mei finally reaches Kiana, who lies unconscious with countless Honkai infection marks covering her body:
Mei: At last…
Mei: I’ve found you at last…
Mei: …Kiana.


Helios. A few moments later.
Mei: …
Mei nervously stood before the door.
She spent 4 difficult months and finally saved Kiana from both Schicksal and the World Serpent.
Mei never stopped dreaming of this reunion for many months.
Yet she felt no joy when it did happen. Fear and apprehension filled her heart.
Mei: Kiana…
She was exhausted but she dared not sleep, for her dreams were filled with images of Kiana’s pain.
Kiana was still healthy just 2 days ago, but she was now unconscious and covered in Honkai infection patterns.
Mei refused to believe that Kiana’s reassuring smiles were mere disguises for unbearable pain.
She tried to ignore what Raven told her and prayed that the surgeons would prove the Serpents wrong.
The door opened.
Mei: …Dr. Tesla, how is she?
Tesla: …
Tesla: Emergency treatment worked. She’s no longer critical and should wake soon enough.
Tesla: But she isn’t getting any better. The bloody Herrscher kept trying to activate the Core and spread the infection!
Tesla: Kiana did her best and fought off Sirin for months, but her body will eventually fall apart.
Tesla: Absorbing a massive amount of Honkai energy to save a city from destruction certainly didn’t help.
Tesla’s voice grew faint and soon became barely intelligible mumbling.
Tesla: I’ve sent a Level 1 distress call to HQ. The Hyperion is heading over here at full speed.
Tesla: Mei, I want you to listen to me carefully.
Tesla: …
Tesla: …Two months.
Tesla: She has less than two months left. That’s the amount of time we have.


…
Raven: Hello? It’s me.
Gray Serpent: What’s your status?
Raven: I’m doing well. Honkai levels in Nagazora are approaching the Eruption threshold. Testing may proceed as scheduled.
Gray Serpent: Heheheh.
Raven: What’s so funny?
Gray Serpent: You’re doing well? I beg to differ. I know all about that little side project of yours.
Raven: …Hmph, so you found out.
Gray Serpent: I’ve told you many times, Natasha. Our Sire decides what happens to K423. We may not act on our own.
Gray Serpent: I’m disappointed that you did just that. You should know that you’re not getting away with this.
Raven: …
Raven: We’ll see about that.
Gray Serpent: What do you mean?
Raven: Kiana Kaslana is worthless to the Serpent if she remains a partial Herrscher. It’s a problem you can’t fix.
Raven: …But I’ve found something.
Raven: I’ve found the power that the World Serpent really needs, the power that will complete the Herrscher’s metamorphosis.




















Game Ch XVII: Thunders over Nagazora


Act 1 - The Past:
Gameplay 17-1 - Quagmire I:
Two men sat facing each other within the insulated void bubble above the sands.
Golden light flowed and danced within the confinement created by the Void Archives, the 1st Divine Key.
Otto observed the man before him. His inhuman gaze was devoid of emotions, memories, or warmth.
Yet it made Otto a little nostalgic. None dared to belittle him ever since he became the Overseer.
But this man belittled everything. Schicksal and Otto himself meant nothing to him.
Nevertheless, Otto welcomed his arrival.
Otto: All hail the World Serpent.
Kevin: …
Otto: Haha, I was just trying to lighten the mood before we begin our friendly conversation.
Otto: In any case, I humbly welcome the Lord of the World Serpent. I knew I would eventually meet you.
Otto: I know who you are and what you did. I am an admirer of your great deeds and exploits.
Otto: Father to the Kaslanas, hero of the Previous Era, Sire of the World Serpent, and enforcer of Project STIGMA…
Otto: Kevin Kaslana, did you come here to declare war on me?
Kevin: No. The World Serpent does not intend to fight Schicksal.
Kevin: I came here for one thing - your support for Project STIGMA.
Otto: Any request will come with a price. What are you offering in exchange for my support?
Kevin: …
Otto felt his hesitation.
A great way to start the negotiations, he thought.
He still commanded the initiative. But he would need to be extremely careful in his next move…
Kevin: I don’t need your promise. You either submit, or you will be destroyed.
Otto: …Oh no, that wouldn’t be wise. Despite your great powers, my Schicksal runs this entire world.
Otto: Imagine us doing everything we can to fight you. We will be defeated, but not before taking up your time.
Otto: You stand to lose precious time, and then you will fail to finish your project before the End of Days.
Otto: I believe that is something you wish to avoid. It would be wiser for us to start proper negotiations.
Otto: After all, I do not wish to fight the World Serpent.
Kevin: What do you want?
…He made an inquiry.
He succeeded in steering the dialog to the intended direction.
Otto: I too have a project that I wish to finish before the Final Herrscher arrives.
Otto: But the Honkai is intensifying at a rate faster than we think. The great enemy is evolving with our civilisation.
Otto: Unpredicted Honkai incidents are happening across the planet, a sign of pending Imaginary dimensional bleed…
Otto: The 5th Herrscher will soon appear.
Kevin: Guilty as charged.
Otto: You have a duty. I have a wish. None of us will be getting anything we want if the Final Herrscher arrives.
Otto: Both of us are losing time. Instead of war, I believe… a partnership would be a far better choice.
It was time.
Otto had waited for this very moment. His chances looked good… but Otto must ensure success.
Otto placed the deciding gambit.
Otto: I need something you have but no longer need. It will help me achieve my 500 year-old wish.
Otto: In exchange… the individual named Otto Apocalypse shall disappear from the path of the World Serpent.
Kevin: So… what do you want then?
Otto: You hold the “beacon” to the Cosmic Juggernaut, the Key of Infinity…
Otto: The Divine Key is incomplete without it. That Pioneer sealed you and that beacon within the Sea of Quanta 1500 years ago.
Otto: The beacon is required for orientating the Key and activating its Zeroth Power.
Kevin: You wish to reach the Imaginary Tree.
Otto: Correct! The Key is not just an observation tool. It replicates the Void Queen’s powers to create a route to the Tree.
Otto: The instant of eternity, the start of the end, the origin of laws and truth… that is where I want to be.
Kevin: You know what will happen if you do that.
Otto: We both know what will happen. This is precisely why this negotiation is valuable to the both of us.
Otto: Give me the beacon, and you shall have everything - zero opposition, access to resources… and time.
Kevin: …
Silence. A fathomless silence engulfed the world. Otto bated his desires and thoughts for the Serpent’s answer.
He had made his offer. He only needed to wait for the results.
And Otto was no stranger to waiting. He had been waiting for a long time, and he could simply keep on waiting.
Otto’s gaze was fixated on the silver-haired man. He finally spoke.
Kevin: Any request will come with a price. What do you offer?
Otto: Haha! Very well!
Otto: A fair proposal. Fairness is the basis of everything. This great partnership needs an equally great offering.
Otto: I know you care little for human power, wealth, knowledge, or technology. Only one thing is worthy in your eyes.
Otto: You will receive the perfect puppet for controlling Schicskal after I leave.
Otto: I hereby offer to return the Void Archives to you.


Helios. Lounge. Present time.
Tesla: Have some coffee. You haven’t rested for a long time.
Mei: Thank you…
Mei saw her exhausted face reflected on the beverage.
She trembled. Her reflection was distorted by the resulting ripples.
She found an unconscious Kiana from the ruins of Nagazora less than an hour ago.
Dr. Tesla helped stabilise her condition. But the 3 Herrscher Cores continued to corrupt her body and mind.
Kiana could no longer fight against this. She had less than 2 months to live.
Mei: I… I just refuse to believe this… it’s just… too sudden…
Mei: I met her in Arc City just 3 days ago. She appeared healthy… and unhurt…
Tesla: I’ve called the Hyperion. They’re heading this way at full speed.
Tesla: Our Sovereign is also looking into this. Believe me, nobody knows Herrschers better than Welt.
Tesla: I wanted to move her to somewhere safe, but we found Schicksal activity in the Far East. We must avoid risks.
Tesla: So… the safest thing to do is wait for help to arrive.
Mei: Dr. Tesla, can I… ask you to do something for me?
Mei: Please don’t tell Kiana about her condition… at least not before we have her final diagnosis…
Mei: She’s a threat who needs our help… if she learns about this… I’m afraid she might… leave again…
Mei: She always wanted to be the hero… I can’t imagine the suffering she’s endured while drifting alone out there…
Tesla: I understand. I’ll do that for you.
Tesla: We should focus on reassuring her and making her feel better.
Mei: Thank you…
Mei: She should be almost awake. I’ll head to the medical bay…
Tesla: Wait!
Dr. Tesla grabbed Mei and gave her a clean towel.
Mei: What is this?
Tesla: Clean your face first, girl. Try to look good. It’s your first real reunion after 4 months.
Mei hesitated before entering the medical bay.
She found herself unable to take another step. Something froze her feet.
Was it hesitation? Panic? No. Mei knew it was fear.
…Fear? She still feared facing her. She was surprised that she felt this way.
Mei took a deep breath, left those inexplicable emotions behind, and finally took a step forward.
The door opened…
Kiana: Mei…
Mei: Oh dear…
She called to her in the way she had always done. She embraced her along with the light.
Kiana: It’s been such a long time, Mei… wait, no. We actually just met a few days ago.
Mei: Kiana… you’re awake…
Kiana: I just woke up. This strange place scared me a little, but I knew exactly what had happened when I saw you.
Kiana: I never thought that you would find me again.
Kiana laid on the bed and gave Mei a sweet smile.
Then the girl saw a flying, orange-colored object that engulfed her vision.
Kiana: KYAA! Why are you doing this? Mei! Stop throwing things at me… Wait, it’s my jacket!
Mei: You careless idiot! Do you know what you’ve done?
Mei: Do you know how everyone is so worried about you? Do you know how much we missed you?
Mei: Why did you hide in Arc City without telling anyone? You could have called us…
Kiana: …
Kiana: …
Kiana: Erm… Wow. New hairstyle. I like it. You look good with anything, Mei…
Kiana: Look, I’m sorry… but I’m back.
Mei: …Yes, you’re back, Kiana.
Mei: Welcome home.
Mei held Kiana tightly in her arms. The familiar embrace brought back memories…
…It felt like the warm caresses of the morning sun at St. Freya.
It felt as though nothing had changed.
Mei: How are you, Kiana? Do you feel unwell?
Kiana: Of course not! I just had a great nap and feel super energetic right now.
Mei: I’m so happy that you’re safe.
Mei: Dr. Tesla treated your minor injuries. She said that you’re tired and need some rest.
Mei: And our Far East Branch has seceded and allied with Anti-Entropy instead. Dr. Tesla is one of their leaders.
Mei: I’ll tell you everything that happened in the last 4 months…
Kiana: That’s… a lot to take in. Everyone must have changed so much.
Kiana: Heh. I wonder what happened to Bronya Shortypants. She hasn’t grown an inch, right?
Mei: She’s still the Bronya we know. The Hyperion is on its way. You’ll meet everyone soon enough.
Kiana: Oh dear, I’m getting nervous. I’m not really prepared for this.
Kiana: Waiting around is just too boring, Mei. I wanna head outside and take a walk before the girls arrive.
Mei: …Head outside? Now? But you need rest…
Kiana: …You should know that moving around makes me feel better. Lying in bed is turning me into a potato.
Kiana: Plus, getting back to Nagazora wasn’t easy… I really want to see the place again before I leave.
Mei: …Fine, but I’ll be going with you.
Kiana: That’s awesome! I can’t even remember the last trip we went on together. I’ll definitely get better with you around.
Mei: Oh dear… this isn’t a school trip, Kiana.
Mei shook her head and sighed, but she was looking a lot more relaxed already.
She exited the room with Kiana and left her fear and apprehension behind.
Kiana: PHEW! The air IS so much better out here!
Mei: Put on your jacket, Kiana.
Kiana: Whoah… you gave it a real good wash. Thanks Mei.
Mei: Don’t lose it next time. It… it suits you.
Kiana: Really? You like it? Then I’ll just keep wearing it.
Mei: Let’s go. It was hard getting Dr. Tesla to let you out of bed. Let’s not waste time.
Mei: You haven’t fully recovered, Kiana. Don’t strain yourself.
Kiana: Alright. But I’m really fine. Don’t worry about me~
Kiana: Look, it’s the Nagazora Wall!
Kiana: We rested there 3 years ago, didn’t we?
Kiana: Phew, how far have we gone?
Mei: A bit far. Let’s take a rest.
They sat on the pavement and looked at the ruined buildings around them.
Kiana: Same thing everywhere. The streets and buildings are now under the water.
Kiana: Hey, Mei! Do you remember that time when we were traveling through this city?
Mei: Yes, I do. And you just couldn’t stop talking about food and how you were starving.
Kiana: What?! Is that all you can remember? Ugh… Mei, you’ve changed…
Mei: Haha. I was just fooling around with you…
Mei: We fought the zombies and went to the shrine and the bridge… but all these places are now under the water.
Mei: Bronya was with us as well. It feels as though it happened just yesterday…
Kiana: Yeah… the days went by so fast… it’s been 3 years already.
Mei: All of us changed a lot during that time.
Kiana: Really? But… I thought nothing had changed. You’re still you, and I’m still me. See, we’re still the same.
Kiana stood up and looked at the far side of the city.
She gazed at the horizon far beyond the ruined buildings.
Kiana: Let’s keep going, Mei.
Mei: Keep going? We’re already pretty far from the Helios.
Kiana: Yeah… uhm… there’s a place I really wanna check out.
Kiana: I wanna head back to Chiba Academy.


Gameplay 17-2 - Quagmire II:
Kiana: It’s just… I don’t know how to get there and the streets are all flooded.
Kiana: Do you know the way to our high school? I remember it being further upstream.
Mei: I actually did see the school building from afar just yesterday.
Kiana: Oh, really? From where? Show me!
Mei: I know the way, but I’m not sure if it will take us all the way to the campus. I don’t think anything is left…
Kiana: I don’t care if it’s been turned into a pile of rubble. I just wanna take a look.
Kiana: Please, Mei, just take me there! I know you’re the best…
Mei: Oh, dear… fine. Just follow me.
Mei: I remember it being this way…
Mei: Right, I saw it from here yesterday.
Mei: Let’s keep moving.
Kiana: …!
Kiana: Phew…
Mei: Oh no… it’s a dead end.
Kiana: Oops. This doesn’t look good.
Mei: The way forward is flooded. I don’t see any way across. What should we do, Kiana?
Kiana: Ugh. Let’s give up. There’s nothing we can do about this.
Kiana: It’s getting late. We should head back.
Kiana lowered her head with great disappointment.
Mei: Kiana, I actually do have a question… Why did you… come back to Nagazora?
Kiana: Well… I don’t really know why… but… I just felt like coming back to see what happened to it.
Kiana: I was fleeing the battle between the World Serpent and Schicksal. It was a mess… I just wanted to get away from people.
Kiana: And the idea of Nagazora just… popped into my head.
Kiana: We probably think about the past when feeling lost. I met you and everyone in Nagazora… I miss those feelings.
Kiana: Mei… uhm, I’m… well… never mind.
Mei: …What’s up, Kiana?
She avoided Mei’s gaze. Kiana became more sullen as the air grew still.
Mei understood at once. She knew what Kiana wanted to talk about.
It was about her… the one who created the cruel rift between them…
Kiana: I… I can’t forget about what happened that day…
Kiana: I saw many cities and people suffering from the Honkai… I tried to run away, but the nightmare never ended.
Kiana: I realised that I can’t keep running away. There’s something important that I must do.
Kiana: I must face the people… I must face everyone… and myself…
Kiana: I’m not Kiana Kaslana or my Dad’s baby doll… I’m K423… a cloned vessel for the Herrscher of the Void…
Mei: No…
Kiana: It’s alright, Mei… I’m really alright…
Kiana: Accepting the facts doesn’t mean I’m giving up. Instead, it pointed out the things that I must do.
Kiana: I must seal the Herrscher of the Void. I’ll use her powers to protect people and repair the damage caused by the Honkai.
Kiana: I’ve saved people in Arc City… and may have missed some as well. But that incident taught me something.
Kiana: My birth may have served bad purposes… but I can still make my life worth living.
Kiana: My life’s story isn’t exactly the best… but I can certainly try to make this world a better place.
Kiana: I… made her that promise…
Mei: Kiana…
Kiana: Come to think of it… that may be why I came back to Nagazora.
Kiana: It all started here 3 years ago. The battles, friends, and our oath to fight for all that is beautiful in the world.
Kiana: That is what I’ve wanted all along. That is why I’m still running along this path.
Kiana: Just thinking about this makes me less afraid.
She turned around and gave Mei a big smile.
Sunshine then broke through the clouds. The girl who swore to save her life gave that same smile 3 years ago.
Mei: …You’ve hardly changed at all.
Mei: Kiana… I don’t care about your name or what you are. You’re still a friend to me… to all of us.
Mei: We will always be with you.
Kiana: Thank you, Mei.
Kiana: I thought about us reuniting so many times… I’m so happy I got to see you again.
Kiana: Though not being able to reach Chiba Academy is so disappointing.
Mei: Let’s come back and visit Chiba Academy once things settle down and this is all over.
Kiana looked at the water and then traced her past footsteps to the far shore.
She then turned around and nodded at Mei.
Kiana: Alright. That’s a promise!
Mei: Good. We should be heading back. Dr. Tesla might get worried if we’re out for too long.
Kiana: Okay, okay. Go on ahead, Mei. I still wanna take a few more looks at the high school.
Kiana: …
Kiana: …
Kiana: (The water is rising. More Honkai energy is seeping out of the water and soil…)
Kiana: (Something is wrong with this city… it feels as though something wants to come out…)
Kiana: …
Kiana: (No… I… I can’t drag her into this…)


Gameplay 17-3 - Lament of Pain I:
Kiana: Phew. It feels great being able to talk about all that stuff.
Kiana: I’m feeling much better already. Hey, I’ll race you home.
Mei: Don’t get ahead of yourself. Your body has yet to fully recover.
Kiana: Ugh… fine. Whatever…
Mei: …What was that?
Kiana: It came from over there!
Kiana: …
Kiana: Whoah. Is this a Honkai beast?
Mei: Ah, it’s… Benares… Kiana, get away from it!
Kiana: Wait… Mei…
Kiana walked gingerly towards Benares. The dragon gave a weak rumble when it sensed her approach.
Benares: …
Kiana: …Is it calling out to me? This dragon feels different compared to the other beasts.
Kiana gently touched the dragon’s wounds. The infection patterns on her began to glow.
Kiana: Don’t be afraid. I won’t hurt you.
Benares: …?
Her touch healed the cracks and wounds.
Benares did not resist. It allowed Kiana to keep touching.
Mei: Kiana… what are you doing?
Kiana: The dragon is trying to stand despite all those wounds…
Kiana: Just looking at it gives me a strange sense of warmth.
The dragon slowly stood up as it bathed in the light.
Kiana: You’re looking far better already.
Benares: …!!
Benares got back to its feet. It gently lowered its head towards the girls and gave no signs of hostility.
Mei: …
Kiana: See, it’s not planning to attack us.
Mei: Is it taking orders from you?
Kiana: Uhm… I don’t know why… but I feel that it may do dangerous things if we leave it alone.
Kiana: I think an obedient dragon is way better than a wild dragon.
Mei: Kiana… the dragon is following you… I don’t think it wants to leave.
Mei: Are we… taking it back to the Helios?
Kiana: Oh… I haven’t thought about that. That red-haired scientist should be okay with this, right?
Helios. Shortly after.
Tesla: …
Tesla: Look, I’m fine with stray puppies or kittens. But stray Honkai beasts?
Tesla: We took in cyborgs, refugees, and now we’re getting a huge dragon. What’s next? A World Serpent officer?
After walking Kiana back to her room, Mei explained the situation to Dr. Tesla and received her feedback.
Mei: I’m sorry for troubling you…
Tesla: Whatever… I’m not angry. I’m just a little surprised.
Tesla: Kiana taming the beast is good news. One less problem for us. Let it follow the Helios for now.
Tesla: Anyway, I have something important to tell you. HQ reached a conclusion while you were away.
Mei: …You found a cure for Kiana?
Tesla: …
Mei: Dr. Tesla?!
Tesla: Follow me. She wishes to speak with you in person.
The two entered the meeting room. Tesla closed the door and called the Hyperion.
Einstein’s face quickly appeared on the screen.
Mei: Dr. Einstein… is there something you want to tell me?
Einstein: Mei, I believe Dr. Tesla has told you about Kiana’s condition.
Mei: She did. She’s not looking good… she doesn’t have much time left…
Mei: Please, Dr. Einstein… tell me how to save her.
Einstein: …
Einstein: Mei, you have the right to be informed. This is why I’ll be giving you my unreserved opinion on her case.
Einstein: After much deliberation, we recommend the immediate transfer of Kiana to a secure base at Baffin Bay.
Einstein: Anti-Entropy will protect her and contain any potential hazards that may result. We must… minimise the risks.
Mei: Risk? I… I don’t understand…
Einstein: Please remain calm and listen to me carefully, Mei.
Einstein: Kiana’s condition is severe. The Herrscher Cores are infecting her body.
Einstein: We suspect lingering traces of Sirin’s persona. She must be eliminated to halt disease progression.
Einstein: However, no one except for Kiana can interfere with that process.
Mei: …What does that mean?
Einstein: It means… we can’t do anything in regards to what’s happening to her.
Einstein: Dr. Tesla and I had a few ideas: surgical removal of the Cores or the Honkai-neutralising serum…
Einstein: But we had to abandon these proposals. They will not solve the root cause of her disease.
Einstein: To put it in layman’s terms, we’re incapable of curing or delaying her condition.
Mei: How could this be?!
Mei: Are we just… going to sit by and watch her…
Mei: No… I can’t! Please think of something, Dr. Einstein! I’ll do anything to give her more time… please…
Einstein: …
Mei: Is there… no other way?
Einstein: I’m sorry, Mei…
Einstein: Kiana is also fighting the infection. We must have faith in her as we continue our search for a treatment.
Einstein: But if the disease progression continues, we must be prepared for the worst.
Mei: Be prepared for the worst? What do you mean?
Einstein: …
Mei: I’m sorry… I shouldn’t have asked…
Mei: I… I understand…
The silence was suddenly broken by an incoming call.
Tesla: Mei, someone’s looking for you. It’s that refugee girl.
Mei: …
Tesla: Do you mind talking to her to see what she needs?
Mei: …Sure.
Mei left without a word. A daunting silence reigned over the room.
Tesla: It’s just… too cruel.
Einstein: Take a few deep breaths, Dr. Tesla. You don’t look too good yourself.
Einstein: …We still need to talk to Kiana.


Gameplay 17-4 - Lament of Pain II:
The cabin door opened. Mei stepped out of the Helios.
Sora: Good afternoon, Mei.
Mei: Sora? Why are you here?
Sora: Heheh. I have surprising news for you. Sensei will take us away from Nagazora.
Sora: She’s prepared a new home and we’ll be staying there.
Sora: Everyone’s happy and packing their things. But I snuck out to meet you one last time. How are things with Kiana?
Sora: Sensei told me you brought her back. Where is she?
Mei: Oh… well… Kiana’s resting right now. She’s a little tired.
Having heard terrible news about her friend, Mei could not force herself to respond warmly to the little girl.
Sora, however, was sensitive enough to notice.
Sora: Oh… okay… I’m really sorry… did I disturb you?
Sora: Well… please have this, then.
Mei: Oh… a teru teru bozu?
Sora: Yes, I made it myself! I prayed to it every day that I could leave Nagazora and see the outside world.
Sora: My wish came true… so… I hope it can make your wish come true as well.
Sora: You and Dr. Tesla are the only people who are kind to us besides our Sensei. I will never forget you.
Mei accepted the teru teru bozu. It was carefully sewn together from rags and had a smiley face drawn on it.
She suddenly felt bad about what she had said to Sora.
Sora: I… I guess I’ll be going home. Take care, Mei.
Mei: Wait… the city is still a dangerous place… let me take you home.
Mei: Let’s walk together one last time.
Mei: We’ve arrived. Go on. Don’t keep your friends waiting.
The little girl nodded and ran off, but she suddenly turned around to look at her.
Mei: What is it?
Sora: Uhm… I don’t know… I think something is troubling you, Mei…
Sora: I know you’ve found Kiana, but why do you look so sad? Did you two have a fight?
Mei: No… we just… rant into some problems.
Mei: Don’t worry. I can handle it…
Sora: Okay. That’s good… Oh, I just thought of something! If Kiana’s upset, just make some curry for her!
Sora: Everyone feels happy after eating your curry. Just give Kiana some of your curry and she’ll be happy too.
Mei: Thank you. I’ll try to do that.
Raven: Sora, what are you doing here?
A door opened. Someone walked out.
Raven: Go and join the others. We’ll be leaving soon.
Sora: Thank you.
The little girl waved goodbye to Mei and disappeared into the shelter.
Raven: She really likes you.
Raven: She kept chirping about saying goodbye to you and snuck out when I wasn’t looking.
Mei: Where are you sending the children?
Raven: You should stop viewing us with suspicion. I’m sending them to somewhere safe.
Raven: I always wanted to do that, and I’ve finally earned the chance… thanks to you, I must add.
Raven: They used to be afraid of everything - the outside world, other people, and strange places…
Raven: But you changed their minds. You taught the children that kind strangers actually do exist.
Raven: You managed to fill the hole that the Herrscher left in their hearts…
Mei: …
Raven: I pray that they’ll never have to learn the truth.
Raven: Let’s talk about your depressed look instead. I suppose you finally learned the truth about Kiana’s condition.
Raven: See? I wasn’t lying. Anti-Entropy will try to find ways to treat her, but none of them will work.
Raven: Tell me, what did they come up with? Ideals? Hope? Or friendship?
Mei: SHUT UP!!
Raven: Apologies. I’m not here to gloat, nor am I trying to pick a fight.
Raven: I just feel compelled to tell you something that you might want to hear.
She leaned forward and whispered into her ear.
Raven: Mei Raiden… the World Serpent is interested in working with you.
Raven: You want to save the girl. Schicksal can’t do it. Anti-Entropy can’t do it either…
Raven: But the World Serpent can.
Mei: …WHAT?!
Raven: If you’re interested, come back here in 2 hours. Alone.
Raven: I have a few private matters to attend to. Take care.
Mei: WAIT! Tell me! Don’t just stop there!
The metal doors slammed shut. Mei was locked outside.
Raven: Keep this between you and me. No one else can know.
Raven: The Sire of the World Serpent will be here, waiting for you.
The shelters. A short while later.
Raven: …
Raven: Sora, are you done packing your things?
Sora: Yes, I’m done! I’m ready to go.
Sora: But… Sensei… are you really not leaving with us?
Raven: I must take care of something first. Don’t worry, I’ll catch up soon enough.
Raven: You’re my best little girl, Sora. You must lead the others when I’m not around.
Sora: Ugh…
Seeing her disappointment, Raven gave her a hug and ruffled her hair.
Raven: Cheer up, Sora. I thought you wanted to see the outside world.
Raven: Your new home is bigger and there are plenty of things to play with. It won’t be like Nagazora. Look forward to it.
Sora: Okay! I’ll enjoy the trip!
Raven saw the last child board the shuttle and waved at the departing ship.
She lowered her hand after the ship disappeared into the horizon. She turned around and looked at her empty roost.
It was the closest thing to home just a few minutes ago. After they left, it became yet another pile of scraps.
Emotions welled within her. She kept them down, organised her thoughts, and stared into the distance.
“The girl will come.” She was sure about that.


Medical bay. The Helios.
Tesla: Well met, Kiana. Mei’s probably told you about us, but we should still introduce ourselves.
Tesla: I am Frederica Nikola Tesla, and this one here is Lieserl Albert Einstein.
Tesla: We are members of Anti-Entropy and allies to the Far East Branch.
Kiana: Yeah, I know. Mei told me what had happened the last 4 months.
Kiana: Wait, where’s Mei? Isn’t she here with you?
Tesla: She’s tending to other matters and won’t be back for a while.
Kiana: Then… I won’t hold anything back.
Kiana sighed and seemed to have transformed herself into another person.
Kiana: My condition… looks bad, right?
Tesla: …
Kiana: You don’t have to lie to me. It’s my body. I think I pretty much know what’s going on.
Kiana: It was numbness at first. Then I stopped feeling pain altogether. Strange wounds kept appearing all over me.
Einstein: Kiana, the Hyperion is rushing over to Nagazora. We will move you to a secure base.
Einstein: Anti-Entropy will do whatever it can to protect you and give you more time.
Kiana: I know. I trust you.
Kiana: But… there’s something I must do before I leave.
Tesla: What is it?
Kiana: Nagazora… it’s in grave danger.
Kiana grew sullen.
Kiana: I felt something when I first arrived. There’s too much Honkai energy in the water and the Honkai beasts are too active.
Kiana: 2 days have passed, but the water keeps rising and there are even more beasts. Something big is bound to happen.
Einstein: Dr. Tesla recorded similar observations in her report.
Tesla: Yes. Field scans revealed that various Honkai-related phenomena have intensified in the last 2 days.
Tesla: The 3rd Honkai Eruption created a large Honkai reservoir here. But the current situation is getting worse.
Tesla: I first thought it was influenced by the Herrscher of the Void… but that’s obviously not the case.
Kiana: It isn’t me. Something else is changing things in Nagazora.
Kiana: Honkai energy levels are so high that this place might blow at any minute. We must do something about this.
Einstein: You’re right. An Anti-Entropy task force is ready to take action. This may be Schicksal territory, but we will not sit idly by.
Kiana: Doctors… I think I have a way to stop this disaster.
Kiana: I can absorb the Honkai energy from the city and use my Void powers…
Tesla: HEY! Do you have any idea what you’re talking about?!
Einstein: Out of the question, Kiana. You should avoid using your Herrscher powers.
Einstein: Anti-Entropy will handle the Nagazora problem. Please have faith in us.
Kiana: I think you’ve misunderstood what I was trying to say, Dr. Einstein…
Kiana: I do hope everything will work out… I know everyone wants to solve this crisis.
Kiana: But… and I’m just saying… if things go out of control…
Kiana: I hope you’ll let me do what I can…
Einstein: …
Einstein: …This discussion ends here. I will reassess the situation and decide after the Hyperion arrives.
Einstein: Is there anything else you would like to know?
Kiana: I have one last request.
Einstein: Let’s hear it.
Kiana: I’ll comply with your containment and treatment methods. I know I’m a bomb… so I should be kept away.
Kiana: So I hope that you’ll keep my friends in the Far East Branch away from me as well.
Kiana: I don’t want them to get too close to me… not until my Herrscher problem is solved.
Tesla: You know they’ll do anything to stay by your side.
Kiana: I know… that’s why I’m asking you for help. I can’t put them in danger again.
She turned her gaze to an empty corner.
Kiana: I was shocked when I met Mei in Arc City…
Kiana: She’d changed so much… she looked so exhausted. She pretends that everything is fine, but I know…
Kiana: She found a home and friends at St. Freya, and recovered the things that she desired but lost…
Kiana: She almost escaped from her past… but I… I destroyed it all…
Kiana: The nightmares just kept coming back on those cold, dark nights…
Kiana: I saw her chest ripped apart slowly as I seized the Gem and left her lifeless body in a pool of blood…
Kiana: I… I…
Tesla: It’s not your fault. The Herrscher of the Void did all that. The girls have never blamed you for anything…
Kiana: I know… that’s why it felt even worse…
Kiana: They chose to trust me, treat me as a friend, and are still waiting for me despite what had happened…
Kiana: If I turn into that monster again, they won’t leave me alone… they’ll do anything to save me…
Kiana: And if that does happen… I might end up killing those who care for me.
Kiana: I… I won’t let that happen again.


CG plays wherein Mei overhears the conversation between Kiana and the doctors from outside the medical bay, her being unable to do anything but silently cry:
Kiana: This is between Sirin and me.
Kiana: I must put an end to this.
Kiana: But not by dragging them into this mess again…
Kiana: I don’t want…
Kiana: Those around me to suffer anymore…


Act 2 - The Present:
Gameplay 17-5 - No Return I:
“What is the Honkai?”
Otto spent many years searching for an answer to this question.
The search spanned 5 centuries and 2 eras. He knew more about the Honkai than the other 7 billion lives on Earth.
The more he knew…
…The less he understood.
Otto finally realised that he knew nothing about the Honkai.
Where did IT come from? Where does IT want to go?
What drives IT? To what end?
Why was IT created? How would IT end? How does IT grow? Why did IT stop? Why does IT erupt? Why is IT silent?
Does IT have a persona? A gestalt? Or is IT simply a law set at the very beginning of existence?
Otto was inundated with questions that pushed him into the terrifying abyss of the “unknown”.
He desired to push forward, yet he found no path. He wanted to start his search, yet he did not know where to go.
He searched. His confusions grew. He failed and he lost his way.
In his frustrations he tried many experiments. The pain of discontent plagued him.
Over 500 years had passed. The hypotheses he tested and rejected were beyond counting.
Answers were transposed, adjusted, combined, and taken apart. The cycle was repeated. The tapestry remained broken.
But after enough cycles, an image began to appear in the obscure sea.
“Let us now imagine a tree -  the Imaginary Tree.”
“A massive tree whose crown cannot be seen, whose canopy of branches and leaves blot out the sky.”
“The Tree emerged from an endless Sea of unfathomable depths and boundaries.”
“The Tree and Sea are alone in the universe. Thus began their never-ending rivalry.”
“The Sea swells while the Tree extends its roots. One seeks to flood. The other seeks to absorb.”
“The Tree has drunk from the Sea and endured an asamkhya of time and grown a nayuta of branches and leaves.”
“And it was during this seemingly endless time that an unassuming branch grew a new bud.”
“This was the birth of human civilisation.”
Otto achieved his eureka when he finally learned of the Imaginary Tree.
Chaos gave way to order. He saw the path meandering through the darkness.
He ran along this path. Every step he took brought him closer to the light.
Soon, he was at the very edge of science itself.
Previous attempts to acquire knowledge stopped here, but he must keep going and enter the yawning abyss.
“Imagine it! The Imaginary as the origin of the human race and the seed of civilisation!”
“Time flows in the trunk of the Imaginary Tree and branches out into an infinity of worlds.”
“Every branch is a form of civilisation. Every bud is their past and present etched onto the dimension of time.”
“But growth is countered by a force - a selective and corrective system in the Tree’s rivalry against the Sea.”
“A natural system based upon the Imaginary mechanics. It breeds, nurtures, tests, and removes.”
“This is what humanity describes as the Honkai.”
“Indeed. Humanity will never escape the Honkai.”
“We must press forward because the Tree must grow. Those who fail become wilted shadows in the Sea of Quanta.”
“To achieve everlasting peace, we must reach the origin of civilisation and return to the Imaginary realms.”
“The answer I seek must lie within the Imaginary Tree…”
Otto finally found the way to the truth after having endured 559 winters.
He explored the Sea of Quanta, Ether Anchors, and Imaginary Constructs. He also found the Divine Key.
He experienced uncountable failures, obstacles, difficulties, and impossibilities.
Otto did not care for the impossible.
He decided that it must be made possible.
Otto Apocalypse must enter the domain of GOD.
Otto Apocalypse must ascend the Imaginary Tree.
Otto: …
Otto: I’m glad that our negotiations have arrived at the most desirable conclusion.
Otto: Let us proceed with the transfer of the beacon. Do you have any requests for the time and place?
Kevin: I leave that to you.
Otto: Let me think… I don’t like to wait. I hope to ascertain its value at once.
Otto: Firing the 2nd Divine Key requires vast amounts of Honkai energy. There is a perfect place. The Far East city of Nagazora.
Kevin: The site of the 3rd Honkai Eruption.
Otto: Yes! That event 3 years ago left a singularity linked to the Tree even though the 3rd Herrscher is asleep.
Otto: That singularity still leaks Honkai energy, and the leak has grown thanks to the Great Eruption.
Otto: What a coincidence! The 2nd Divine Key shall be moved to Nagazora in 3 days for our first test with the beacon.
The white-haired man left without a word.
The golden sphere grew dim and dissolved with every step he took.
Otto: Whoah. Leaving already? How disappointing. I was hoping to raise a glass with you to celebrate this.
Otto: Kevin Kaslana, I believe that this meeting has far-reaching consequences to you, to me, and to the entire world.
Otto: All hail the alliance of Schicksal and the World Serpent.


Helios. Present time.
Tesla: Mei? You’re back.
Mei: Yeah. I just returned. I took some time to walk Sora home since the city’s a dangerous place.
Mei: Is Kiana still in the medical bay?
Tesla: Yes. We just finished another round of checks. Her situation hasn’t changed. We should let her rest.
Tesla: The Hyperion will be here soon. We’ll be leaving this place.
Mei: Kiana hasn’t eaten anything since she woke. She must be hungry. I’ll head to the kitchen.
Tesla: Wait… Mei…
Mei: What is it?
Tesla: Mophead, well… isn’t great with words. Her “factual talk” is good for research, but it can be a bit mean as well.
Tesla: Just… don’t get too worked up about what she said.
Mei: It’s fine, Dr. Tesla. I’m alright.
Mei: I’ve been working with Anti-Entropy for 4 months and I know you’re both excellent scientists. I trust your judgment.
Mei: I’m glad that you’re willing to tell me the truth.
Tesla: I know that you’re feeling terrible, but… we’ll do our best and find a way.
Mei: …
Mei: Thank you.
Kiana: Mei, you’re back!
Mei: You must be hungry. I made something for you.
Kiana: Whoah! It’s Mei’s special curry!
Mei: Eat this first. Tell me if you want anything else. I’ll make it for you.
Kiana sat up and ate as fast as she could.
Kiana: Whoah! NYAM NYAM! It’s great! This is the best meal ever!
Mei: Slow down and try not to choke, Kiana. There’s definitely enough for you.
She finished the curry in an instant.
Kiana: I’m stuffed.
Mei: I guess those 4 months didn’t change your appetite or table manners.
Kiana: Gosh, tell me about it. I haven’t had a decent meal in months!
Kiana: That means I’ve missed all these wonderful and nostalgic flavors…
Kiana: The freshness and perfect spiciness of this curry… hoo… you’re the bestest cook ever, Mei.
Mei: I… I’m glad you like it. I was worried that it was… too spicy.
Kiana: No, of course not. The heat is just perfect. It got me sweating and feeling good. I like it.
Mei: Have some water. Try not to choke.
Kiana emptied the glass and laid down on her bed looking satisfied.
Mei: The Hyperion will take you to an Anti-Entropy base. Listen to the professors and follow their advice. They’re good people.
Kiana: Okay, okay. I get it. Don’t worry, Mei. I’ll be fine.
Mei: Yes, Kiana. You’ll be fine.
Mei: You will… be just fine…
Mei: I’ll go do the dishes. Just lay down and rest.
Kiana: Alrighty.
*SPLOOOSH*
Mei: …
Water flowed across Mei’s fingertips and disappeared into the drain with a soft, weeping sound.
While placing the dried plates on the shelf, she accidentally knocked down a wooden bowl. Several things fell.
They were the sweet peppers used for making the curry.
Mei: …
*TICK* *TOCK* She only had a few minutes before the 2 hours they promised ran out.
Mei left the kitchen. The corridor was dark except for the medical bay that flickered in the distance.
Mei: …
Mei: You lie like an idiot…
She turned around and walked towards the darkness.
Mei: Sweet pepper curry isn’t spicy at all.
Mei: This is the rendezvous.
Mei: But no one is here…
Mei: Sora and the kids have already left…?
Raven: You’re here.
The voice came from above. Mei looked up and saw Raven perched lazily on the roof.
She then landed softly on the ground.
Raven: 2 hours. Just right. I like you. You’re punctual.
Mei: And I came alone as agreed.
Raven: Hmph. You seem ready. Come, follow me.
Raven opened the gates of the Roost and led Mei into the shelters.
Raven: This place changed after the children left.
Raven: It’s no different than the ruins around us. Quiet. Desolate. Lifeless.
Mei: What will happen to them?
Raven: They’ll get treatment in a safe environment with controlled ambient Honkai energy levels. And a lot more space.
Raven: A significant improvement, both physically and mentally, when compared to the Roost.
Raven: The treatment will give them functional Stigmata. The children can then leave their past behind and start a new life.
Mei: Leave? Would the World Serpent let them leave?
Mei: I don’t think your friends would let anyone with fully functional Stigmata go. They’re too precious…
Raven: They will. The Sire gave his word. It is the payment he promised me.
Mei: Payment?
Raven smiled and said nothing more. They meandered down the lanes and arrived before a metal door.
Raven: Here we are.
Raven: The Sire is beyond this door. He will meet you. Alone.
Mei: Open it.
Raven: …
Raven: You astonish me, girl. When we first met, I thought you were just an innocent little child.
Raven: A few days pass and you already look different. You completed your metamorphosis far quicker than I thought.
Raven: I hope you’ll find the answers you seek. Go ahead, girl, and good luck.
The metal door opened slowly. Mei stepped through and entered a dark plaza.
*TAP*... *TAP*...
Footsteps approached her in the darkness.


CG plays wherein Mei comes face-to-face with Kevin:
Mei: You’re…


Gameplay 17-6 - No Return II:
Mei: Who are you?
The air turned cold with his arrival. Mei felt as though she had walked into a freezer vault.
A great, oppressive weight welled within her and kept her rooted in place.
Kevin: Kevin Kaslana. The leader of the World Serpent.
His voice was calm and dispelled any feelings of oppression.
She looked into his eyes. Both were devoid of anything…
Except for a hint of sadness… a sadness that never healed and would never heal.
Mei: A Kaslana…
Kevin: Mei Raiden, you wish to save a girl. Neither Schicksal nor Anti-Entropy can help you.
Kevin: But the World Serpent can. You have my word.
Mei: What do you want in return?
Kevin: You.
His voice was calm and his words were few, yet they felt like inviolate commandments etched upon stone.
Mei found herself in a position where she bore the full brunt of his words.
Mei: Tell me exactly how you would save her.
Mei: I’ll do anything you want… but only if you really succeed.
Kevin: Kiana is dying. The Core infection is stronger than she can bear.
Kevin: Her other Cores must be removed if she hopes to survive. There is only one way.
Kevin: I will help you become the Herrscher of Thunder again.
Mei: …What?
Kevin: You were chosen. A channel linked to the Imaginary Tree will forever remain within you.
Kevin: Absorb the residual energy from the 3rd Honkai Eruption and you will wake again to reclaim the power of Thunder from Kiana.
Kevin: You will gain a new Herrscher Core. The Gem of Conquest within Kiana will dissolve. Her conditions will then improve.
His cold voice struck Mei with every word. She recalled the strange things she had witnessed.
Dr. Tesla’s diagnostics, the sudden episodes of dizziness, and Raven’s sudden change in attitude.
She understood everything at once.
Mei: I can save Kiana by becoming a Herrscher?
Kevin: Correct.
Mei: Then there’s nothing for me to worry about.
Mei: Kiana pulled me out of the darkness 3 years ago. She made me who I am. I’ll gladly do it to save her life.
Mei: But if I were to be controlled by the Honkai, I want you to…
Kevin: That will not happen.
Kevin: You should think about what happens *after* you become a Herrscher.
Mei: …?
Kevin: You can save Kiana this time, but she will throw herself into danger again.
Kevin: She will use her Void powers to save the world and the people around her.
Kevin: So long as the Honkai and Herrschers exist, she will rise up to fight them…
Kevin: …And she will keep fighting till she dies.
Kevin: I have seen many like her.
Kevin: Despite death and terror, they were armed with a belief that compels them to that path…
Kevin: …And all of them left, forever sleeping in the fields.
His words were razor ice that cut at her heart. She wanted to disagree, but failed to find a counter-argument…
…For she knew he spoke the truth. No sacrifice she makes could change the inevitable.
Mei: No… I won’t let that happen… never…
Kevin: You can’t stop her. You know that. That is why you are here.
Kevin: But you have a choice.
Kevin: You can join the Serpent.
Mei: What?
Kevin: More Herrschers will appear soon. Humanity’s war against the Honkai is escalating.
Kevin: Follow the World Serpent. Purge the Honkai. Capture the Herrschers. Seal their powers, and starve the Void Queen.
Kevin: Kiana is only safe when you are not with her.
Kevin: Once Project STIGMA succeeds, both of you shall be human once again.
—!
With a great explosion, a beam of light shot through the sky and shattered it into a million fragments.
Mei: What just happened?!
Kevin: The time has come.
Kevin: The gate is open. The Imaginary Tree shall manifest itself in this city.
Kevin: Dormant Honkai energy will seep out of the Earth. Absorb it. Be the Herrscher of Thunder once more to save her.
Kevin: But there is only one way for you to keep her away from harm.
Kevin: You will have time to think about this, and to decide if you want to trust me and the World Serpent.
Kevin: Kiana’s fate is in your hands, Mei Raiden.
Kevin: I do not need to convince you. This is something you know far better than anyone else…
Kevin: …Her belief can save the world, but not herself.
Mei: Quantum Shadows…?!
Mei: Why would there be Quantum Shadows in this city?!
Mei: The building is shaking…!
Mei: Is it an earthquake? No, it’s…
Mei: Hngh…
A sudden gust of wind tore through the cracks. She lost her balance as the tower shook violently.
She raised her head. The seawater that flooded the city was receding.
Mei: The water… it’s receding? No… something isn’t right.
Mei: The Roost is rising… the buildings are being dragged towards the sky…
There were rumblings at a distance followed by explosions and the thunderous echoes of collapsing buildings.
An endless white light then engulfed everything before her.


CG plays wherein Nagazora begins collapsing even further, the dimensional crack growing wider and causing physical changes in base reality.


Gameplay 17-7 - Tempest’s Eve:
The Hyperion. Somewhere above the Pacific Ocean. Several minutes ago.
Einstein: We are on course and 30 kilometers away from Dr. Tesla’s rendezvous coordinates. No hostiles detected.
Theresa: What about the Schicksal units that our listening posts detected?
Einstein: They landed on the western coasts of the Far East islands, but have remained at their positions.
Einstein: Schicksal may have detected the anomalies in Nagazora and preemptively deployed Valkyries in nearby cities.
Einstein: Anti-Entropy relief forces are in position. If an Eruption occurs, they will move in and contain the resulting damage.
Einstein: We must do whatever we can to keep Kiana from using her Void powers.
Theresa: Sigh… I’m still worried.
Theresa: This is just too… quiet. It reminds me of that uneasy silence during the Battle of Schicksal…
A violent shudder cut Theresa’s sentence short.
Theresa: What just happened?!
Operator: Report! We’ve detected an anomalous Honkai energy spike in Nagazora.
Operator: Multiple units coming in at 320 klicks per hour. We’re acquiring visuals.
Einstein: Enemy attack? From Schicksal?
Operator: …Negative. They’re Quantum Shadows. The Hyperion is under attack by Quantum Shadows!
Operator: Our prow has been hit. Several CIWS point defense turrets were disabled.
Theresa: What did you say? Quantum Shadows? Here?
Theresa: Curses… have Bronya split her forces to defend the bridge and main engine room.
Theresa: I’ll sweep the enemies off our deck.
Theresa: Kyaa… that beam of light… it came from Nagazora.
Einstein: Madam Theresa, we have another incoming wave of enemies.
Theresa: What’s happening, Dr. Einstein? Look at that tsunami! The city is getting hit by storms and giant waves!
Theresa: Why are we seeing Quantum Shadows in the Far East? What’s going on in Nagazora?
Einstein: I see massive Honkai seepages in the city. Energy is flowing towards that light beam. It’s not the Sea of Quanta.
Einstein: I’m afraid we’re dealing with a major disaster, Madam Theresa.


…
???: I remember it very well…
???: I walked to the window and gazed upon the stars that night.
???: It was strange. I felt I wasn’t looking at the stars. It was the other way around. The stars are looking down at us.
???: When compared to the universe, I’m small. Humanity is small. Everything felt so small and insignificant.
???: That’s when I suddenly came up with an idea…
???: I now believe that every star in the sky is an enemy.
Kevin: …Every star in the sky is an enemy?
MEI: Correct.
MEI: Remember that picture in the physics textbook? A photo of Earth taken by a probe 6.4 billion kilometers away?
Kevin: Oh yeah, I do. There was like… nothing in that picture. It took me a while to find a pale blue dot.
MEI: That’s Earth. The 4.6 billion year-old planet that we grew up on. Just a pale blue dot in the universe.
MEI: Humanity’s history, billions of people, our knowledge, and our culture… they’re just so… insignificant.
MEI: That gives rise to a question. What is the exact worth of an individual in this vast expanse of space?
Kevin: …
Kevin: Hahahahahaha~
MEI: What’s so funny?
Kevin: Well, nothing. I just find this to be quite refreshing.
Kevin: When I dated other people, we talked about stars by discussing horoscopes and blood types, stuff like that.
Kevin: You’re the only one who would talk about the universe and humanity.
MEI: …
Kevin: …I guess what I wanna say is that you’re special. Unique.
Kevin: Do keep going. I’m actually interested in this topic and would like to learn more.
MEI: I’m done talking about my views. I also asked a question. Now I’m waiting for my answer.
Kevin: Oh, right. Erm… lemme think about it.
Kevin: So, it’s just as you’ve said. The universe is huge but the Earth is small.
Kevin: And… when compared to outer space, I guess the things we care about don’t really matter.
MEI: Exactly.
Kevin: Geez, that’s a lot to take in.
MEI: Nevertheless, you, me, and everyone on this planet is trying to live their lives in a “meaningful” way.
MEI: We live. We exist. We make choices. We seize opportunities and enjoy certain moments.
MEI: Humanity itself is meaningless, but “we” gave ourselves meaning.
Kevin: Now you sound like a philosopher.
MEI: Science and philosophy do overlap in discussions regarding the nature of the universe.
MEI: …
MEI: I’m curious about something.
Kevin: What is it?
MEI: You look like a person who’d be uninterested in such topics. I’m surprised you’re actually listening.
MEI: Do you think there’s any worth to our conversation? And please, do give me an honest answer.
Kevin: …Any worth to our discussion? I don’t really know.
Kevin: And honestly, I think I only understood about half of the things you said…
Kevin: But…
Kevin: …I really like how serious you look when talking about this. That’s why… I hope I can keep listening to you.
MEI: That’s it? Is that the only reason?
Kevin: Yeah.
MEI: Why?
Kevin: I… I don’t know. Wait… it’s more like… I want to know.
Kevin: I want to learn from you and try to think about those questions you asked.
MEI: …
MEI: Haha…
Kevin: Hey, you’re finally smiling. You look good when you smile.
MEI: I’ll be going to Mu this summer for a symposium with several leading physicists and scholars.
MEI: I hope to get a chance to discuss my views with them.
MEI: You may think I’m full of myself, but I want to meet people who can change the world. I want to be one of them.
MEI: I want to see how far I can go in this universe.
Kevin: Great. I believe you’ll eventually achieve everything you said today.
MEI: How about you?
MEI: Ever thought about your own future, Mr. Kevin Kaslana?
Kevin: No. Never thought about it.
Kevin: I don’t really have a goal in mind. Changing the world is just way too big for me.
Kevin: I only want to enjoy every moment, be nice to my friends, and lead a happy, carefree life.
MEI: What about the future? Don’t you ever think about it?
Kevin: No. It’s never occurred to me. The world is a large place. I’ll find something to do.
Kevin: I don’t want to get too focused on the future. I might end up missing the people around me.
Kevin: Plus, I’m just a high school student. Live free, live happy. That’s how I would live my life.
MEI: …Oh dear. How immature.
MEI: I do hope your wishes will come true.
Kevin: Yeah. I hope all our wishes come true.
Kevin: Oh, right! Would you mind if I went to Mu with you this summer?
…
…
He opened his eyes. The city had become one with the light.
The light pulsed like blood in veins. The infinite and starry expanse lay on the other end.
Life perishes and is created in each and every beam of each and every instant.
Every single individual, the people they meet, the people they love…
Memories, sacrifices, promises made and broken, victories, defeats, every existence and death…
The entire history of the human race… the summation of human legacy…
Every piece of evidence that points to the very essence of humanity…
…Is nothing but a lonely leaf caught within this light.


Act 3 - The Alternative:
Gameplay 17-8 - Into the Darkness I:
Drip…
Her ears echoed with the sound of beans dancing on a drum.
Drip… drip…
The biting coldness even numbed her mind. Another persona had begun to take form.
It was… rain.
The downpour crept closer.
It grew in intensity and became the peal of a thunderstorm.
What happened?
She tried to open her hazy eyes.
Mei: Hngh…
Mei: Ah!
There was nothing but chaos.
Mei: What… happened?
The dim flashes of light seemed like puppet strings tugging at the ruined city.
Mei: What happened to Nagazora? Where’s the World Serpent?
Mei: Ah…! Kiana… the Helios is in danger!
Pieces of broken memories flashed past her mind, yet she failed to create a coherent picture.
She started running, yet she did not know where to go.
Mei: More Quantum Shadows…
Mei: They look different…
Mei: They look more… terrifying.
Mei: Ow…
Mei: My head… Not again.
Mei: …More enemies incoming?
Kiana: Are you alright, Mei?!
Mei: …Kiana?!
Benares: …!!
Shearing winds tore the rest of the monsters apart. The dragon landed next to Kiana and waited for her orders.
Kiana: Huff… huff…
Mei: …Kiana? Why are you here?
Mei: Y        ou’re wounded… you can’t just leave the Helios!
Kiana: You’re the one who shouldn’t have left!
Kiana: You went missing and nobody could find you. Do you know how worried I was?
Kiana: Let’s not talk about that. The enemy might attack again. You should head back and join the professor.
Mei: Go back? What about you?
Kiana: I need to take care of this.
Kiana looked at the glowing pillar in the distance that stirred the circle of light in the sky.
Kiana: I’ve seen that pillar before.
Kiana: I can use my Void powers to seal that hole in the sky and end this storm.
Mei: …What?
Mei: No! NO! You haven’t even recovered! You shouldn’t even be fighting!
Kiana: I can’t let this thing get any bigger, Mei.
Kiana: More monsters are coming. Honkai energy levels are rising. This disaster will soon spread to other places.
Kiana: I must end this!
Mei: Stop being so stubborn! Don’t you know what’s happening to you?!
Mei: If you do this, your body will…
Kiana: I don’t care.
Mei: …?!
Kiana: …
Mei: …Kiana?
Kiana: I know everything, Mei…
Kiana: I know what’s happening to me… and my body…
Mei: No… No…
Kiana: To be honest, I was quite scared. I trembled at the thought of death.
Kiana: But I refuse to run away from danger…
Kiana: I’ll do what I can and take responsibility for this…
Kiana: This is the only way I can seek atonement from the people I’ve hurt…
Kiana: …And from Miss Himeko.
She turned around and smiled in the way she had always done.
Kiana: It’s alright, Mei. I’m pretty uber.
Kiana: Just wait for me…
Mei: Kiana! No!!!
The wind howled. Raindrops splattered on her face. Kiana rode the dragon and flew straight for the circle of light.
Mei shouted after her, but her voice was drowned by the storm of rain and flashes…
She knew she might never see or touch her friend again…


Gameplay 17-9 - Into the Darkness II:
…
…
Kiana: Hold on! I won’t let you die!
Mei: Wha… what are you doing?
Kiana: Isn’t it obvious? I’m trying to save you!
Kiana: Quick! Give me your other hand!
Mei: No… let me go while I’m still in control of myself…
Kiana: Just do what I say!
Kiana: I’ll pull you up first and we’ll talk about it later!
Mei: Wha…?
Kiana: Look, it was hard getting you back to normal, so I won’t leave you alone like this.
Kiana: I’ll be angry with myself forever if you get yourself killed.
Mei: Ah…
Kiana: Erm… let’s get going if you understand what I’m saying.
…
Mei: That disaster was when we first met.
Mei: She was the first true friend I’d made in my life.
Mei: The sense of cold loneliness left me on that very day.
Mei: I don’t know how… but I was no longer afraid of the dark…
Mei: Because I knew there would always be a beam of light waiting for me…
Mei: …Kiana! Come back!
She collapsed to the ground as pain bit into her body like twisted thorns.
She lifted her head and gazed at the sky. The dragon and its master flew into the storm.
A horde of Quantum Shadows flocked towards it. Bursts of golden light exploded with every battle.
Mei knew that every attack took a deadly toll on Kiana’s life…
Mei: No… please… stop fighting…
She knew she could not be heard. She knew the correct choice was to give up this hopeless attempt to save her.
But she could not control her own body. She could not stop running. She could not stop thinking about her.
She could not stop chasing after the light that lit her way in the dark.
The rain splattered into droplets just as her memories shattered into fragments.
Mei: Don’t… please… no more fighting…!
Mei: Kiana… hurry and come back…
Kiana: Mei! We’ll get the strength of a hundred warriors if Mei’s around!
Mei: A hundred? I’m no ultra woman…
Kiana: I mean that if Mei’s around me, I can feel my power increase a hundredfold!
Mei: That’s really something you would say.
Mei: …Power?
Mei: Can I still give you power…
Mei: Kiana, I hope you didn’t forget about your goal of becoming an A-rank Valkyrie.
Mei: If you fail again, they’ll demote you from a B-rank to a D-rank Support Valkyrie.
Mei: If you get demoted to D-rank, you’ll be given support and logistics duties far from the real fighting.
Kiana: Logistics? Like the Exchange and Snack Bar? No way!
Mei: Then go to the training plaza, now! No more lazing about today!
Kiana: *covers ears* Kyaaa! Don’t pull at my ears again, Mei!
Mei: I’ve always been such a naive fool…
Mei: Who expects good things to last forever…
Mei: But in the blink of an eye, I lost the girl who used to be around me all the time.
Sirin: Do you want to get this body back and save the girl?
Sirin: If that’s the case…
Sirin: Then I shall kill you all one by one with her hands and her body.
Sirin: She will then witness your mangled bodies before I smother her out for good.
Sirin: Family, friends, happiness, dreams, future, and hope…
Sirin: She does not deserve this. She is unworthy of this. She will never get these things!
Mei: I’m not strong enough to protect you…
Mei: I’m the reason why you have to suffer all this…
Kiana: Mei…
Kiana: What are you doing here?
Mei: I’ll take you back to the Hyperion.
Kiana: No… I can’t go back, Mei.
Kiana: I’m sorry… I can’t go back… I can’t put you all in danger again.
Mei: Kiana—!!
Mei: You haven’t changed at all…
Mei: You’re still that girl who would help a stranger in need.
Mei: Despite the injustices you’ve endured in this imperfect world…
Mei: Despite the tragedies that can no longer be mended…
Mei: You remain steadfast as ever…
Mei: You will keep fighting for your friends and other people, and for the beautiful world you believe in…
Mei: …You will become a hero, Kiana. That’s what the world wants.
Mei: But I…
Mei: …
Mei: Perhaps it was all my fault…
Mei: Kiana…
Mei: We… we can no longer return to our past.


CG plays wherein Mei continues to chase after Kiana, who is now seemingly falling from the sky alongside Benares:
Mei: No… No!!


Gameplay 17-10 - Thunder’s Child I:
Mei: Benares…! What happened…
Mei: Where is Kiana?!


CG plays wherein the strange sword-like object impaled in Benares caused the surroundings to change, with an equally strange clockwork entity forming itself around it:
Mei: What is…
Mei: …This?!


Mei: Space is different…
Mei: This place is…
Mei: I can’t… can’t fall here…
Mei: Get… up…!
Mei: Ha…
Mei: It’s finally… over…
Mei: Are you alright… Benares…
Mei: Must… find…
Mei: Kiana…
Mei: Ah…! Ha…
Mei: What…?!
Mei: Why… can’t I… move…!!


CG plays wherein the clockwork entity, having rewound time upon its defeat, goes to attack Mei once more, but not before being halted by Benares taking the blow for her:
Mei: Benares…
Mei: No… No!!
Mei: Kia… na…


…
…
There was darkness. Darkness as far as her eyes could see.
There was nothing. There was no sound. There was no smell.
She could feel her weightless body floating in the darkness…
…
…She remembered this experience.
Her world died around her on that day three years ago.
She heard weeping and wailing in that darkness. A few said nothing. Bodies fell.
Finally, there was nothing left except for silence. She felt herself falling through that silent world.
…
3rd Herrscher: It’s been a while, you emotional wreck.
A beam of light appeared along with a familiar voice.
Purple hues took over the darkness. Eldritch streams wrapped around her and pulled her towards the light.
3rd Herrscher: You’ve changed. A lot.
The voice of an untouchable realm whispered in her ears.
It was a cold and dangerous voice.
Yet it was also familiar and was something that she longed for.
3rd Herrscher: This is the first time you’ve approached me on your own.
3rd Herrscher: Are you no longer afraid?
…Afraid?
Strange… I no longer felt any fear…
There was no sense of angst, guilt, sorrow, or pain… I felt nothing…
There was nothing except for serenity.
3rd Herrscher: Keep going and you’ll fall into a deeper abyss.
It doesn’t matter. I’ll take her place instead.
3rd Herrscher: You will leave everything behind. You will lose your friends and family.
It doesn’t matter. I’ve always been alone.
3rd Herrscher: Mistrust and suspicion will hound you. You will be further down this lonely path.
It doesn’t matter. It is a fate that I should have faced years ago.
3rd Herrscher: You will leave her for all eternity.
…
3rd Herrscher: You will no longer be at her side, nor see her smile, nor take her hand.
3rd Herrscher: There is no turning back once you step onto this path.
3rd Herrscher: Are you sure this is your choice?
…
It… doesn’t matter.
The girls… they will take care of her… but this is something that I must do.
I’ve made my choice.
3rd Herrscher: …
3rd Herrscher: …Then go.
3rd Herrscher: Bury me with your hands. Take up my fury and lament my passing. Take my place and assume your power alone.
3rd Herrscher: Tell the world that she has returned as the Lightning Queen…
3rd Herrscher: Go now… and become the true Herrscher of Thunder!
Both: Farewell, “Mei Raiden”.


CG plays wherein the clockwork entity is pushed back by the force of Mei’s awakening.


Bang!
The alien construct finally collapsed. The sparks that danced along its body dissipated.
The downpour did not stop. Rain flowed down the edge of her eyes and washed her past away.
Mei: …
The voice in her head was gone.
She could only hear the serene pattering of the rain.
She walked towards the dead dragon and touched its dull scales.
A warm glow began to spread from her fingertips and transform the carcass.
A shade disappeared in the light.
A voice pleaded in the glow.


CG plays wherein the tale of Benares is told, right before the last vestiges of their being are lost forever:
???: She has been flying ever since she awakened.
???: Benares.
???: Honkai beast.
???: Monster.
???: The people below cried for their lives.
???: Yet she could not hear them.
???: She could only hear the voice of her heart.
???: To serve the queen.
???: To protect the queen who calls her “Bella”.
???: She flew across the snowfield. Beyond the mountains. Through the stars. All over the world…
???: In the end, she fell, for she could no longer fly.
???: When the dragon perished with her memories, in her heart, only one voice remained.
???: “My queen…”
???: “How I wish to…”
???: “Hear you call my name once more…”


The rain eroded what was left and washed away the soul of the one named Bella…
Blood red scales covered the wounds. The dragon reared and spread its wings to celebrate its return.
But it had become a beast belonging to the Herrscher of Thunder.
It was no longer Benares.
She looked to the sky. The circle of light faded with the birth of a new Herrscher.
The Honkai energy was absorbed. The Imaginary Singularity was gone. Purging the Quantum Shadows would return the peace.
Mei leaped onto the red dragon’s back. The dragon knew her master’s wish and soared into the air.
She will ride away from the light and chaos and fly towards the other side of the world.


Gameplay 17-11 - Thunder’s Child 2:
CG plays wherein Mei rides the newly reanimated dragon through the city.


Mei: With this, it’s done…


Gameplay 17-12 - Thunders Over Nagazora:
Drip… drip…
Kiana: Hngh… what happened to me?
The rain woke the girl from her dark dream.
Kiana: Huh…? This… isn’t this Chiba Academy?
She remembered nothing after her fall. She looked around at the familiar surroundings.
Kiana: Wha… why am I even here?
???: Try not to move.
Kiana: Huh?
Kevin: …
Kiana: You’re… Kevin Kaslana!
Kevin: You tried to close the Imaginary Singularity but an Imaginary Construct ambushed you. You fell from the sky.
Kevin: I managed to break your fall, but your wounds are severe.
Kevin: Your Void powers have greatly weakened, but this will give you more time.
Kiana: Why… Why did you save me?
Kevin: …
Kevin: Thank Mei Raiden. She’s the one who saved you.
Kevin: Nagazora is no longer your concern. The disaster has ended. Mei saved the city for you.
Kiana: What?! Mei…?
Kevin: I’ll let her explain it herself.
Kevin: …She’s here.


CG plays wherein Mei arrives amidst a strike of lightning that hits the rooftop Kiana and Kevin are standing on:
Kiana: …Mei?


Kiana: Mei…
Kiana: What happened… why do you look like that?
Mei: …
Kevin: You have made your choice.
Mei: …I will go with you.
Kevin: Good.
Kevin: Welcome to the World Serpent, Mei Raiden.
Kiana: —WAIT!
Kiana: What did you just say?! Mei… are you going to join the World Serpent?
Mei: …
Kiana: What happened to you, Mei? What did he do to you?
Mei: I’m speaking with my own voice, Kiana.
Mei: …I’ve made this choice on my own. You don’t have to care about me anymore.
Kiana: Why…
Mei: …
Kiana: …Is this some stupid joke? I’m definitely not going to agree!
Kiana: I’m not letting you join the World Serpent!!
Mei: Kiana…
Kevin: You seem to have some unfinished business.
Kevin: Tell her what you want, but be quick about it.
Mei: …
Mei: Tell her what I want?
Mei: Will she understand my reasons? Will I be able to leave in peace?
Mei: No… she’ll only blame herself and I’ll only worsen her pain…
Mei: …
Mei: I’ve told myself what I wanted her to hear countless times already…
Mei: Kiana, I’m happy to have met you. We’ve done plenty of things together and shared many beautiful moments.
Mei: Go do the things you want and fulfill your dreams…
Mei: …Let me enter the darkness and return you to bliss.




CG plays wherein Kevin leaves the two alone atop the roof:
Kevin: Say your last goodbye to her.
Kevin: Mei Raiden.
Kevin: Welcome to “the other side”.
Kiana: Mei…
Kiana: …Why?!


Kiana: Mei… Why…
Kiana: You know what they’ve done…
Mei: I don’t care.
Kiana: …You’re an idiot!
Kiana: I’m not letting you leave!


CG plays wherein Mei beats Kiana down:
Mei: Humph. This is it…
Mei: It’s over.
Mei: Kiana.
Kiana: M-Mei…


Kiana: It’s not finished yet…
Kiana: I won’t let you leave…
Kiana: NEVER!!
Mei: You shouldn’t use that power again, Kiana.


CG plays wherein a flashback to chapter 1 is shown once more:
Kiana: We’ll get the strength of a hundred warriors if Mei’s around!


Kiana: Mei…
Mei: This is it.
Kurikara: —!
Kiana: No…! This is not… where I fall…!


CG plays wherein a flashback to the Nagazora Incident 3 years ago is shown once more, before being “cut” by Mei and returning us to the fight:
Kiana: If you turn into that Herrscher thing again, I’ll just club your senses back into your head.


Kiana: Mei…!!
Mei: Enough.


CG plays wherein Mei powers down somewhat after beating down Kiana yet again:
Kiana: Mei… don’t… please…


…


Special CG [Lament of the Fallen] plays:
Mei: Give up.
Kiana: I won’t…
Kiana: I’m not letting you go!
Mei: How? You can barely stand.
Kiana: With… my fists!
Kiana: I’m… not… giving up!
Mei: You’re always… like this…
Mei: Kiana, you’re always like this.
Mei: Even when you’re battered, you’d still force a smile.
Mei: You saved me. You saved us all.
Mei: Yet you shoulder everything alone, at the cost of your life.
Kiana: Mei…
Kiana: This is my… mission…
Mei: Maybe this is for the greater good…
Kiana: Mei!
Mei: But how can I pretend this is the right thing?
Kiana: Mei… Don’t…
Mei: I only know that deep down…
Mei: The world means nothing to me…
Mei: …Without you!!
Mei: You reached out your hand to me on that day.
Mei: You changed my destiny from the moment we touched.
Mei: You’re the most important person in my life.
Mei: If rescuing you is a sin, then I’ll gladly become a sinner.
Mei: Farewell, Kiana.


















[Honkai World Diva] - Song Lyrics:
O your smile is tainted and your face is cold
There is no more comfort in your lips and cheeks
The whirling noise is pulling me within
The tainted carcass of this world
All the incandescent stars of heaven will die at the end of days
Your gentle soul given to damnation
“Crimson moon shines upon a town that is smeared in blood…”
Cried the diva given into lament
All those sweet little dreams buried deep in memories until the very end
Lost and faded truth of bygone memories
Hidden deep in my corrupt body
I can hear the voices of the people I miss in this final song
I would tremble just to hold them once more
“Florid moon shines upon a world that is doomed to die…”
Wailed the diva given into lament
All our pale, fleeting dreams are where the truths are hidden
Until they fade away
“Crimson moon shines upon the town that is smeared in blood…”
Cried the diva given into lament
All those sweet little dreams buried deep in memories until the very end.


  

…
The man was looking at the monitor in the dark room, lost in thought.
The results of his first experiment exceeded his expectations.
*Ding*
A message popped up. It was from Amber.
The man was then overwhelmed by reports.
Mei Raiden joined the World Serpent, K423 left with the Hyperion, and the 5th Herrscher will appear soon.
The balance of the world might be disturbed again. But it’s not one of his major concerns at the moment.
…
Theresa will take care of her.
The night is still young.
He has so many things to do.
Game Ch XVIII: From Beds of Everlasting Snow


Act 1 - Cold Front:
Gameplay 18-1 - Winds of War:
Mei meditated silently in the digitally constructed space.
It was a familiar state of being for practicing kenjutsu and allowed her to attain the highest levels of focus.
After reacquiring her Herrscher powers, she spent most of her time in the sealed training cabin.
This was the place where she could forget about everything and concentrate on what she needed at the moment.
Machine Voice: Training module activated. Initiating environmental algorithms. Projecting virtual training targets.
The cold artificial voice echoed its protocols. Several mechs materialised and landed heavily on the ground.
Mei opened her eyes slowly, gripped her weapon, and drew it with a deafening hum.
Machine Voice: Algorithms complete. Generating battlefield…
Jackal: You’re a hard-working girl, Herrscher of Thunder.
Wild electrical sparks danced in the air. The shattered mechs disintegrated into data fragments.
Mei silently sheathed her blade. The digital environment disappeared and revealed a poorly lit corridor.
Someone hidden in the darkness approached slowly.
Jackal: The Honkai energy within you is stabilising. I knew it. You can indeed wield those powers.
Mei: I’ve said that I don’t want to be disturbed.
Jackal: Don’t be so mean. We’re friends, and friends are supposed to get along with each other.
Jackal: Haha… I really want to get to know you better…
Raven: Stop wasting time, Jackal.
Jackal was suddenly interrupted. Raven appeared out of nowhere and stood between her and Mei.
Raven: Get on with the business at hand.
Jackal: You just spoiled all the fun.
Jackal: The time has come for you to unleash your powers for the World Serpent, Mei Raiden.
Jackal: Imaginary Singularity observations have predicted a Honkai event that shall create an apex entity crucial to our plans…
Jackal: Yes, you know it, Mei Raiden. It will give birth to a Herrscher like you…
Mei: …
Jackal: Simply put, a key objective of Project STIGMA is to acquire every single Herrscher.
Jackal: But our Sire will not personally lead this mission as he is busy elsewhere.
Jackal: This is our chance as our Sire’s most steadfast followers to prove our devotion and ensure the success of Project STIGMA.
Raven: Mei Raiden, your power will be an indispensable weapon for the World Serpent.
Raven: This is why we need to work together and face the impending Honkai Eruption.
Mei: I will honor my promise.
Mei: But don’t treat me as a friend. We’re both using each other for our own ends.
Raven: I’m a mercenary. I don’t treat anyone as a friend.
Mei: So our mission is just to kill a Herrscher?
Jackal: No. A dead Herrscher means nothing to us. The World Serpent needs “suspended” Herrschers.
Mei: Suspended?
Jackal: I have prepared a small gift for you…
Jackal: Behold, the Scepters of Duat, the WAS of the Underworld.
Jackal revealed a gold and black box measuring several inches long. It looked like the mask of Tutankhamun.
Mei did not know what the box contained. Like its maker, the box made her feel extremely uncomfortable.
Raven: Oh, this must be the Imaginary Disruptor mentioned in the briefing.
Jackal: Disruptor? Please, do not sully this majestic device with such common labels.
Jackal: This is a marvel from the Previous Era that even Schicksal couldn’t replicate. You can’t even fathom its value.
Jackal: Truth be told, I hope you can experience its powers for yourself.
Jackal: Unfortunately, these Scepters are too valuable. Our resources only let us craft 8 of them. Do be prudent with their use.
Mei: How do you use them?
Jackal: Haha… you will know.
While the masked lady chuckled, a slight vibration accompanied by electrical noise spread through the corridors.
Mei heard an unfamiliar voice in this electrical data stream.
???: Attention, everyone.
???: A Honkai Eruption occurred at the Southeast Asian island city of Coral just a minute ago.
???: Schicksal has deployed their Valkyries.
???: It’s time to start our mission.




Gameplay 18-2 - Battlefield:
Meanwhile, at the Federated Autonomous Region of Coral in the Pacific Ocean.
The Immortal Blades Valkyrie squad led by Durandal arrived at the war zone 30 minutes after the Eruption.
The Valkyries readied themselves for combat at the outskirts of the island city.
Alvitr: Fellow Valkyries, ETA to our objective is now 5 minutes. I’ll be running through the mission briefings.
Alvitr: The Eruption took place at Coral, an artificial island with 1.8 million permanent residents.
Alvitr: Located at the border of Southeast Asia and Oceania, Coral is a key economic and commercial hub in the Pacific.
Alvitr: 30 minutes have passed since the Eruption. The Honkai have spread across the entire island. Things aren’t looking good.
Alvitr: And we have some really bad news. We lost contact with the Snow Lotus Valkyrie squad garrisoned on Coral.
Alvitr: Our vanguard Valkyrie formations have sealed the region and established a forward operating base.
Alvitr: Upon arrival, the Immortal Blades shall punch through to the center of Coral and pave the way for other squads.
Alvitr: The Overseer also gave an order… The World Serpent will be joining this battle as our allies.
Alvitr: Schicksal forces shall carry out standard anti-Honkai operations and leave the Herrscher to the World Serpent.
Durandal: Roger. All Valkyries to battle stations!


CG plays wherein Rita and Durandal land on the bridge to Coral:
Durandal: Immortal Blades, move out!


Alvitr: Squad Leader, the Immortal Blades have landed.
Alvitr: Our current location is the bridge connected to the outer rim of Coral.
Alvitr: The Immortal Blades must secure the bridge to enter the city and set up a defensive line.
Durandal: Rita and I will take care of the Honkai.
Durandal: Have the others initiate rescue operations and help the survivors evacuate the place.
Immortal Blades: Roger!
Smoke engulfed the bridge to the city. The disaster continued to spread and consume the gem of civilisation.
The Immortal Blades advanced cautiously and pushed the chaos back towards the heart of Coral.
Alvitr: Squad Leader! Honkai energy levels are rising in Coral!
Alvitr: We just picked up a Herrscher’s energy signature in the city district. I’ve sent you the coordinates.
Rita: This location… Master Durandal, that place is where we lost contact with the Snow Lotus Squad ten minutes ago.
Durandal: Follow me, Rita. We must give them our support.
Rita: Understood.
Alvitr: But Squad Leader… the Overseer told us not to engage the Herrscher. Unauthorised actions might be punished.
Rita: Be flexible, Alvitr. Our mission is to clean up the Honkai. That would include helping squads that lost contact.
Alvitr: Oh, that’s right. We won’t be disobeying any orders that way. You’re so smart, Adjutant Rita!
Durandal: Have the others proceed as planned. We will meet at the specified coordinates.
Alvitr: Understood!


Gameplay 18-3 - Lightning Flash:
Rita: Master Durandal, the bridge doesn’t look good.
Rita: Traveling along the pipelines might be faster.
Durandal: Okay. Let’s go.
Rita: How unthoughtful of them.
Durandal: We must carry forth.
Durandal: Rita, time is running out.
Rita: Understood, Master Durandal.
Durandal: …Mei Raiden?


Gameplay 18-4 - Allegiances:
Durandal: You’re… Mei Raiden?
Mei: …
Durandal: I didn’t expect you to join the World Serpent.
Mei: I have my reasons. That is all you need to know.
Rita: It turns out Miss Raiden is the ally that our Overseer mentioned.
Rita: The World Serpent must be stretched thin to send its newest member to such a dangerous area.
Mei: …
Raven: Oh, isn’t that Miss Rossweisse? How are you doing?
Rita: Raven…
Raven: Your concern is appreciated. Unlike Schicksal, the World Serpent doesn’t like human wave tactics.
Raven: We may be few in number, but we will complete the mission.
Rita: Oh my. How rude of me, then.
Rita smiled but her gaze turned as cold as steel.
Rita: I wonder what you’ll be using against the Herrscher. Gas? Trucks? Or… suicide bomb bots?
Raven: Well, I didn’t expect to single-handedly ruin your mission last time. I’m still *very* sorry about that.
Rita: Oh dear, please don’t. I should be the one who’s sorry for ruining that grand project of Heliopolis Life Sciences.
Raven: You’re welcome. Do take care of our supplies and make sure the tea is ready while we handle the Herrscher.
Rita: How nice of you. In return, I shall make sure you’re given a proper funeral if you get yourself killed.
Raven: You’re being too kind. You should try to be safe back here. Things might get very dangerous.
Rita: Indeed. You should watch your back as well.
The two girls continued sparring as their smiles stiffened. Tension rose in the air.
Durandal: Rita.
Durandal’s gentle voice reminded Rita of her indiscretion. The Valkyrie bowed slightly and took a step back.
Rita: Apologies…
Mei: I do not intend to fight Schicksal.
Mei extended her hand to Durandal as a gesture of her good will.
Durandal looked at the girl. She had changed much since that short-lived battle at Arc City.
Mei: We’re now allies with the same goals. We should focus on our missions and try not to get in each other’s way.
Durandal: Our Valkyries will garrison the outskirts to contain the Honkai and evacuate the survivors.
Durandal: According to our arrangement, you’ll be fighting the Herrscher and we will try not to interfere.
Mei: Thank you.
Durandal: The Herrscher is moving towards the center of Coral. You should set out quickly.
The Valkyrie then extended her hand to Mei to cement the alliance.
Raven: …
Rita: Miss Rossweisse, I suppose we can shake on this and declare a truce?
Rita: I will not shake hands with the one who murdered my comrades.
Raven: Oh my. You’re so emotional…
*SWISH*
Raven took a step forward, but found the tip of a lance pointed straight at her.
Durandal: Do not push your luck.
Raven: Whatever. I see that my efforts are not reciprocated.
Raven gave up and returned to Mei’s side while Durandal lowered her weapon and left the place together with Rita.
Raven: The best Valkyrie of Schicksal is one tough…
Mei: Enough. Let’s go.
Raven: This tunnel leads to the Coral city district.
Raven: Owl will be meeting us there.
Raven: This is the place.
Cold winds blew into their faces when they stepped out of the tunnel. There was nothing but ruin in sight.
Mei: Where is our contact?
Raven: Look. There he is.
Mei heard light footsteps next to her. Light distorted slightly as the contact revealed himself.
Owl: You sure took your time…
Raven: Met an old acquaintance. Had to say hello.
Owl: That S-rank Valkyrie? Why did you provoke her? What are you trying to achieve?
Owl: Whatever… I’m the World Serpent officer codenamed “Owl”. Pleasure to meet you.
Owl: I will support you in this mission.
Mei: We don’t need any support.
Owl: Oh, great… do take care of the Herrscher. I’ll be leaving.
Raven: I dare you to say that again.
Owl: Geez. It was a joke…
The man named Owl scratched his head lazily.
Raven: He’s a professional in data mining and covert operations. He’ll be helping us in this mission.
Raven: He looks like a lazy bag of bones, but he’s one of the best operatives we have.
Owl: Master… Miss? Mei Raiden. Anyway, we have confirmed that this Eruption has given birth to the 5th Herrscher.
Owl: I prepared the Scepters of Duat according to Jackal’s instructions. Defeat her and we can attempt to capture her.
Mei: Just call me Mei.
Having said that, Mei headed directly towards the center of the city.
Owl: Is she the Herrscher of Thunder that our Sire mentioned?
Owl: She looks soft. Can she handle the job?
Raven: Don’t worry about it. Like us, she has every reason to fight.
Owl: Hmm… we’ll see about that.


Gameplay 18-5 - Chill:
Raven: Mei and I have been doing all the fighting.
Raven: I’d appreciate a bit of your help, Owl.
Owl: Mei is around.
Owl: I don’t think I’d be much help.
Owl: I should save my strength…
Owl: …For the fight against the Herrscher.
Raven: Why you little…
Mei: Enough. Any updates about the Herrscher?
Raven: The Herrscher’s signal has stopped moving just then.
Raven: This is the place where it last appeared.
Mei: The Herrscher is nearby. I can sense it.


CG plays wherein the group come across a floating structure made of ice:
Raven: Ah!
Raven: This ice pillar…
Owl: How could water freeze in the tropics?
Mei: Honkai energy is seeping from it.
Mei: Looks like we were right.


Mei: …Honkai energy in the ice column is rising rapidly.
Mei: The Herrscher is completing its metamorphosis.
Owl: Keep the Honkai beasts off me.
Owl: I’m heading to the ice column to target the Herrscher.
Raven: Time to flush it out!


CG plays wherein Raven shoots the structure with her Divine Key, releasing the Herrscher within:
Raven: I’ll crush you!
Raven: Herrscher!


The ice column exploded into a rain of broken ice fragments and revealed the Herrscher.
Owl acted as soon as the target appeared.
Owl: Target locked. Loading the Scepter of Duat.
Herrscher of Ice: Kyaaaaaa…!!!
The Herrscher gave a high-pitched scream and unleashed a stream of biting cold.
Water vapor quickly froze into ice shackles that bound the three World Serpent operatives.
Mei felt pain piercing through her skin. She was too close to the Herrscher and it threatened to freeze her lungs.
Herrscher of Ice: Sh… en… ugh…
The Herrscher murmured a string of strange syllables.
Herrscher of Ice: Gahhh… ah… arrgggh…
The Herrscher murmured while her body twisted and writhed as though she was fighting an invisible creature.
No one knew what she was up to. She behaved less like a Herrscher and more like a mindless zombie.
Despite the target’s strange behavior, the operatives knew they could not afford to hesitate.
Mei: The fight begins!
The storm blew over. Everything within sight was sealed in a tomb of ice that formed a massive wall.
Raven: She escaped?
Raven closed her eyes to sense the residual Honkai energy in the ice. The Herrscher was already far away.
Mei: She’s getting away. We must chase her down.
Owl: Wait… we can’t just mindlessly chase after her. That’s dangerous.
Owl crawled out of the snow and patted his clothes to shake off the thick frost all over him.
Owl: We’ve seen what the Herrscher can do. She’s tougher than we thought.
Owl: You may be an even match, but capturing her will not be easy.
Owl: We need… a better plan.


Gameplay 18-6 - Tomb of Ice:
Coral East District. Durandal and Rita arrived at the place where the Snow Lotus Squad lost contact.
The frost slowly sublimated and revealed the lifeless Valkyries.
Durandal: …
Rita: We’re too late…
The two observed a moment of silence for those who had fallen in battle.
Durandal: We must bring these brave soldiers home.
Rita: Of course.
Durandal: I’ll leave this place to you, Rita. I will check the surrounding areas for any clues.
Durandal remained expressionless when she turned around and left, but Rita knew something was different.
Found a Snow Lotus Valkyrie badge.
Found a Valkyrie comm device.
The Valkyrie comm device picked up from the ice had a voice recording of what happened during the Eruption.
Comms: Squad Leader, we’ve contacted the Oceania Branch. We’ll just hold out till reinforcements arrive and…
Comms: Hngh… urgh…
Comms: Squad Leader? Are you alright?
Comms: Don’t… get any closer… leave… now…!
Comms: Squad Leader, I’m picking up a powerful Honkai energy spike in you… what’s happening?
Comms: GET OUT OF HERE!!
Comms: …Kyaaaa!
Comms: No… not like this… this shouldn’t be happening…
Comms: KYAAAAAAAA!!
Comms: *Static*
Durandal scanned the battlefield. The clues and evidence pointed to one thing.
While recovering the Valkyries’ remains, she suddenly noticed something glistening in the sun.
Durandal: What is this?
Rita: Master Durandal, the Immortal Blades have made it through the outer tunnels and are heading here right now.
Rita: The other Valkyrie squads have secured major routes of traffic. We have contained the spread of the Honkai.
Rita: …Are you holding a necklace, Master Durandal?
Durandal: It’s Ana Schariac. It’s hers.
Durandal: From what we’ve found so far, she might be the Herrscher created by this Eruption.
Rita: …
Durandal: She tried to fight the Honkai corruption, but ended up killing her own squad during the chaos of battle.
Rita: I didn’t expect things… to turn out this way.
Rita: Master Durandal, are we to share our findings with the World Serpent?
Durandal: Yes. Alvitr, send Ana’s data to them.
Alvitr: What?! Are you sure? Valkyrie data is supposed to be confidential.
Durandal: It is our duty to share necessary data. We’re allies, after all.
Durandal looked towards the far distance where the Herrscher might be.
Durandal: I shall see what they can do.


*Krr… KRAAAK*
The sounds of breaking ice slabs reverberated throughout the city.
A section of the ice wall then collapsed with a deep, resounding boom.
Raven: Good. We finally got through this barrier.
Beep…
Raven: Hmm. Incoming call from… Schicksal?
Alvitr: Greetings, World Serpent. I’m Valkyrie Alvitr from the Immortal Blades.
Alvitr: My Squad Leader ordered me to share what Schicksal has found so far.
Raven: Durandal ordered you to share things with us?
Mei: Tell us what you’ve found.
Alvitr: Alright! I’m uploading the data right now…
Owl: What is this?
Alvitr: Our findings showed that former Valkyrie Ana Schariac is the Herrscher of this Eruption.
Raven: A Schicksal Valkyrie?
Alvitr: We were surprised as well… but it’s the truth.
Alvitr: Ana Schariac was made the Squad Leader of Snow Lotus last year. The squad was garrisoned here at Coral Island.
Alvitr: She became a Herrscher during the Eruption. Comm records show that she tried to fight the Honkai but failed…
Alvitr: Ana left after killing the other Valkyries. We believe she still held on to a thread of humanity at that time.
Owl: And that’s why she sealed herself in ice…
Alvitr: We also found frozen areas with high levels of Honkai energy at the site of the Herrscher’s birth.
Alvitr: We have yet to discern her exact powers, but for now we’re referring to the 5th Herrscher as the Herrscher of Ice.
Raven: We’ve personally experienced the powers of this Herrscher of Ice.
Alvitr: Does that mean you’ve fought the Herrscher already?
Mei: Only briefly. She managed to escape.
Raven: She can create razor sharp ice shards and unleash devastating freezing blasts. A true nuisance.
Raven: We’ll find a way to neutralise her.
Alvitr: Understood. I’ll tell the Squad Leader about that. Thank you for your assistance.
Raven: Very much appreciated. I can see us working together again in the future.
Raven smiled. The Valkyrie on the other end of the video call appeared to be pleasantly surprised.
Alvitr: Alright! Godspeed and good luck!
Raven switched off the comm monitor. Her expression grew somber as she studied the frozen city.
Owl: You change your expression really fast.
Raven: It’s just part of the job. We’re allies, after all.
Mei: We need to keep moving and end this crisis as soon as possible.
Owl: You’re right.
Owl studied the skyline of the stricken city. The disaster had begun to spread once more.


CG plays wherein the city of Coral is shown being rapidly engulfed in ice:
Owl: I sense that time is against us…


Act 2 - Frosted Ruin:
Gameplay 18-7 - Battle Plan:
Coral business district. A heating stove was set up in the middle of a snow-covered street.
Raven: The Herrscher is moving towards the Coral business district. The sensors we’ve set up in the city were disabled.
Raven: The last batch of data we received showed that the Herrscher spawned numerous beasts along her path.
Raven: These beasts are creating extremely cold areas that would kill ordinary humans.
Raven: We must destroy these beasts to approach our target.
Owl: Even if we could get closer to the Herrscher, we need a better plan or she’ll just run away again.
Raven: Indeed. The Scepters of Duat will be crucial to our plan.
Mei: Can you explain what that device really is?
Owl: Simply put, the Scepters are limiters that disrupt the Honkai energy output of a Herrscher’s Core.
Owl: Jackal said they do this by introducing interfering “twists” to the link between the Core and Imaginary Space.
Owl: In other words, the Scepters can severely limit the Herrscher’s actions without killing her.
Owl: Usually, these limiters won’t last long, but if you severely wound and weaken the Herrscher of Ice first…
Owl: …The effects might last long enough for us to bring the Herrscher to our Sire who’d then seal her.
Owl: With her powers gone, the Herrscher would enter into a coma and become a harmless “vegetable”.
Mei: …
Owl: I’m sorry. What I said may sound cruel, especially to a Herrscher like you.
Owl apologised to Mei, but it was Raven who replied.
Raven: Cruel? Since when did you become a kind person?
Owl: We do have a Herrscher in our team, though.
Mei: It’s alright.
Mei: If that is the only way, then I’ll do whatever it takes to finish my task.
Owl: …
Owl: Alright then. Let’s plan for the next battle. Any delays would only make things worse for us.
Raven: Mei will take her head on. We’ll engage her in the ways we’re proficient in.
Owl: Yeah. I’ll agree to that.
Owl added more fuel to the camp stove, perhaps to ward off the cold.
Raven: We must first locate the Herrscher.
Raven: Honkai energy and freezing winds have disabled our sensors. We can only rely on unassisted vision.
Raven: I will find an elevated position to find the target and provide you with long-range support.
Owl: Once we locate the Herrscher, I’ll set a trap with the Scepters of Duat. Mei will then lure the target into this trap.
Mei nodded with approval.
Owl: But the Herrscher used to be a highly trained Valkyrie. A human might easily see through this trap.
Raven: Only if she were human. In the last battle, she couldn’t even talk and was driven on by a destructive instinct.
Mei: She is a unique case.
Mei looked at the fire in the stove and recalled what Dr. Einstein said about Herrschers.
Mei: That ex-Valkyrie’s body may be thoroughly corrupted… but her mind may still be resisting its influence.
Mei: She appeared to be mindless only because she was still fighting the Herrscher persona for control over her body.
Mei: If the Herrscher persona had won, we would be seeing that instead.
Owl: She’s still fighting the Honkai?
Raven: But we cannot afford the cost of failure.
Raven: This is our best moment to strike. If we all agree to the plan, we should get started right away.
Owl: Mei, cover Raven as she moves to her elevated position. Setting the trap will take a while.
Mei: Let’s go.
Raven: Hngh… it’s so cold…
Raven: I’m freezing, Mei. Talk to me to make this cold bearable.
Mei: Why didn’t you dress for the occasion?
Raven: My specialised combat suit can tolerate low temperatures, but I never expected a tropical island to be this cold.
Raven: That brat Owl opted to stay near the stove to keep himself warm. He’s that type of guy…
Mei: You seem to know him pretty well.
Raven: Well, he used to be a target listed in a contract I took.
Raven: We met in battle. I was to take down an organisation known as the Thousand Fists. He was their hired muscle.
Raven: We fought each other on multiple occasions, but I always won.
Raven: He hardly changed. Didn’t even blink or care when a blade was placed at his neck.
Raven: I found him pretty interesting, so I let him go after destroying the Thousand Fists and recommended him to our side.
Raven: He was already an officer when I saw him again and I received a reward for my recommendation.
Raven: Though he looks sloppy, he has the skills needed to solve problems efficiently.
Raven: Gray Serpent likes to call him an effective tool.
Raven: But I’ve never figured out what’s going on in his head. That’s why I don’t like having him on my side.
Mei: It doesn’t matter. I just need him to get the job done.
Raven: That’s so very nice of you.
Mei: Enough talk for now. Let’s push on.
Raven: Understood. You lead, I’ll follow.
Raven: Speaking of which… you haven’t given yourself an officer’s codename.
Mei: No, I haven’t.
Raven: I advise you to think of one ASAP or Jackal will be the one giving you names.
Raven: You don’t want that to happen, right?
Mei: …


Gameplay 18-8 - March in the Snow:
The city center was overran by glacial formations. Raven stood atop a tower to get a full view of the district.
She was here before. Coral used to be an exclusive retreat for the rich, but it had become an ice-locked tomb.
Raven: A perfect position for an observer. Gives me a clear view of everything.
Raven assumed a prone position. Her Divine Key created an array of glowing indigo patterns.
Raven looked through these patterns to transform her view into a set of overlapping blocks.
The device gave Raven super-physical sight that goes beyond the third dimension and revealed everything to her.
Raven: Found her.
Raven: Distance: 7400 yards. In the garden at the base of the space elevator in the city center. Target is not moving.
Mei: Good. Keep your eyes on her.
Raven: No problem. Go meet up with Owl.
Mei leaped off the tower roof and disappeared in the freezing mist.
Thunder cracked and lightning flashed at the distance. Raven only saw a faint trail of her passage.
Raven: …
Raven: Sigh… Herrscher powers can really make things so much easier…
At the other side of the city. Owl heard the distant rumbling of thunder.
He closed his eyes and counted the seconds. Mei appeared next to him before he could reach thirty.
Mei: Raven found the Herrscher. Are you ready?
Owl waved the Scepters in his hand and placed them in his pocket.
Owl: Time to do this.
*SSA* *SSA*
Mei and Owl braved the freezing winds in silence as flakes of frost brushed off their combat suits.
The environment became colder as they approached the Herrscher of Ice.
Owl’s outfit, however, was frozen stiff. Even Mei in her Herrscher form could sense the cold.
*SSA* *SSA*
Owl: …
Mei: You should head back if you feel unwell.
Owl: Hmm?
Mei: It will only get colder. No ordinary human could withstand such temperatures.
Mei stopped and looked into the distance.
Mei: Give me the Scepters and I’ll handle the Herrscher on my own.
Owl: Is that what you’re thinking? Well, thanks for being concerned…
Owl: …But I’m not as frail as you think.
Owl unbuttoned his outfit and revealed the body that lay underneath.
Mei: What…?
Owl: The cold won’t affect me. 74% of my organs are cybernetic. These clothes are just for show.
Mei: Did the World Serpent do this to you?
Owl: I wanted them to do this to me.
Owl: I’m not like you. I lack innate Honkai resistance and Stigmata. This is the only way to survive.
Mei: What happened to you?
Owl: I survived a Honkai event that took place 2 years ago, but it left my body with severe injuries.
Owl: I joined the World Serpent to find a way to heal the wounds, but the search only added to the hopelessness.
Owl: There was only one solution - abandon my ailing biological body and rely on machines instead.
Mei: …
Owl: And that is why I’m fighting for the World Serpent. Funny, isn’t it.
Mei: There’s nothing wrong with fighting for your own survival.
Owl: Thank you. That’s what I think as well.


Gameplay 18-9 - Frosted Ruin:
The heart of Coral was home to an ambitious space elevator project that became a symbol of the city.
The elevator also represented progress. It was to be the launch pad for a new era of space exploration.
But disaster struck and transformed the incomplete elevator project into a Herrscher’s lair.
Raven: Mei, you’re entering the Coral Elevator Base. The Herrscher is hidden in the gardens.
Raven: She has remained silent and unmoving.
Mei: We’ll stick to the plan. I’ll engage her.
Owl: I need 10 minutes to set thetrap and send you the coordinates when I’m done. I’ll do what I can if you need help…
Owl: One more thing. The Scepters have a short fuse. Act fast and lure the Herrscher to the right place.
Mei: Roger. I’m moving in!
The frozen garden was rent by a raging vortex of Honkai ice and thunder.
The two powers clashed, burnt, and crushed each other, destroying everything within sight.
No physical law or rule of engagement could describe the ruthless nature of a battle of Herrschers.
Owl: Mei Raiden, my trap is ready. Lure the target to the indicated coordinates.
With that, Mei transformed into a bolt of lightning, flying through the gaps in the ice towards the indicated position.
A cold stream tailed the indigo wake of lightning, sprouting blossoms of razor sharp ice to shred its prey.
PRAAZZ!
Bolts of energy penetrated the mist. From miles away, Raven sniped and shattered the deadly obstacles for Mei.
Mei: I’ve arrived at the target location.
Owl: Affirmative… I’ve confirmed the Herrscher’s path. Activating the Scepters of Duat.
Wrapped in a subzero mantle, the Herrscher of Ice hurtled towards Mei. The Lightning Queen readied herself.
Mei: Owl, now!
…
The response was unexpected silence.
Mei: Owl?


CG plays wherein Owl betrays Mei and Raven, leaving the former vulnerable to the Herrscher’s attacks due to the Scepters, and incapacitating the latter in order to steal the Divine Key:
Mei: This is…
Mei: The Scepters of Duat!
Mei: Curses!
Raven: Mei!
Raven: What’s happening?
Raven: Who’s there?!
Raven: Ugh…
Owl: Hmph!
Raven: Owl…
Raven: You… bas… tard!


Meanwhile, Schicksal Valkyries barricaded all passages along the outskirts of Coral.
Honkai beasts forged of ice hurled themselves at the defenses. The true disaster had only just begun.
Rita: Master Durandal, the weather is becoming unstable. This cold Honkai stream is turning into a cataclysmic storm.
Rita’s face was somber with apprehension as she looked on at the darkening skies.
Rita: We must neutralise the Herrscher before she disrupts the tropical climate system and creates a global disaster.
Durandal: Alvitr, how is the World Serpent doing?
Alvitr: Well… it’s just as Adjutant Rita says. The storm has cut our comm links.
Alvitr: From the last messages we received, the World Serpent seems to have engaged the Herrscher.
Alvitr: But… I think they ran into a few problems. The World Serpent officer named Owl betrayed them.
Alvitr: And I also found something odd while studying Ana Schariac’s files.
With a beep, Alvitr switched the comm display to show yet another file.
Rita: Who’s this?
Alvitr: A survivor whom I found in one of Ana Schariac’s mission debriefing files.
Alvitr: Chen Tianwu. Male. Ana saved him during the Honkai event that took place in Asia two years ago.
Alvitr: And this Mr. Chen happens to be the World Serpent officer Owl whom I just mentioned.
Rita: Hmm. So this World Serpent officer met Ana before? Something doesn’t look right.
Durandal: We should move at once.
Alvitr: Squad Leader… shouldn’t we wait for comm links to be back online? We should report this to HQ.
Durandal: We can’t risk waiting. We don’t have the time.
Rita: That’s right. We now have to act according to our best judgment.
Rita: Wait, Alvitr. You mentioned that the comm links were cut. How did you get the data?
Alvitr: Erm… Yeah, it’s part of being the official Tool. I feared this might happen, so I kept a local backup…
Rita: Making unauthorised copies of data is a serious offense, Alvitr…
Alvitr: What?! But I… I’ve only done it in case of emergencies…
Durandal: Rita, I’m giving you temporary command of the Valkyries.
Durandal: I’m heading in to check the Herrscher.
Rita: Alone?
Durandal: Our positions here are just as important. I need you to lead the defenses and keep the Honkai at bay.
Durandal: And of course I’ll be decisive if the World Serpent tries anything funny.
Rita: Please be careful out there.
Durandal: Yes, and watch over this place for me.


Act 3 - Heart of the Storm:
Gameplay 18-10 - Freezing Vortex:
The frost-covered street was traced through by a dark trail as though a line was drawn across a sheet of paper.
Mei was the place where the line ended and stopped before the ice.
Mei: …
She swung her blade against the frozen barrier. She was alone in this bleak whiteness.
She parried the Ice Herrscher’s attack and slowly restored powers that were drained by the Scepters of Duat.
Mei: …Raven? Owl? Do you copy?
Mei tried calling her fellow allies on her comm device, but there was nothing but silence.
She pieced the evidence together and realised that they all pointed towards the impossible.
Mei: …
She coalesced the Honkai energy and restored her Herrscher powers.
She must find the Herrscher of Ice and uncover the ultimate truth.
Raven: Mei…
Her dormant comm device came to life. Raven spoke weakly through it.
Mei: Raven?! What happened?
Raven: Owl… he betrayed us…
Mei: Owl…? Why?
Raven: I don’t know… he used the Scepters on you… and then stabbed me in the back…
Raven: He took my divine Key… but he can’t use the ordained powers without authentication…
Mei: …Are you alright?
Raven: To be honest… I feel terrible… he used some form of neurotoxin on me…
Raven: Don’t waste time helping me… you must chase them down… don’t let him escape with that Herrscher…
Mei: Take care of yourself, Raven. I’ll go after the Herrscher…
Raven: Mei… I have another piece of bad news for you…
Raven: Durandal… she’s… she’s heading to your position right now…
Mei: Durandal…
Durandal: Mei Raiden, are you still in fighting shape?
Mei: Of course I am.
Durandal: Then follow me. We don’t have time to waste.
Mei: Let’s go.


Gameplay 18-11 - Dance of the Snow:
The lea was silent and lifeless. Even time itself seemed to have frozen over.
The Herrscher of Ice hovered above the fountain. Her intents and feelings were hidden by a dark veil.
Though she had just fought the Lightning Queen, the Ice Herrscher appeared to be extremely calm.
She was expecting something. The man approaching her from a distance may know the answer.
The joints of Owl’s metallic skeleton creaked as he stiffly walked across the icy garden.
He called out her name as he staggered towards the Herrscher.
Owl: We meet again… Ana.
The ice began to shift.
The Herrscher slowly raised her head. Her gaze rested upon his frost-covered face.
She hovered towards him. The frozen beds of flowers melted, allowing time to flow once more.
Owl: I did not expect us… to meet again like this…
Herrscher of Ice: Hngh… grrrhh… ugh…
The Herrscher issued a harsh and unintelligible murmur…
A lament of sorrow and regret…
Owl took out a glittering pendant from his pocket…
The pendant gave off a warm glow that contrasted against his cold, metallic body…
Owl: Do you still remember this pendant, Ana?
Herrscher of Ice: Urk… grahhhh…
Owl: Do you still have the other half? Did you lose it? You always were the careless one.
He looked at the Herrscher and gave a bitter smile.
Owl: It’s just another trinket. It doesn’t matter if you remember it or not. I’ll fulfill my promise…
Owl: Have no fear. No matter what happens today, I’ll be at your side…
Owl: I owe you my life… and I shall gladly sacrifice it for your sake.
There was determination in his soft words. Owl then extended his hand to touch her cheek.
Herrscher of Ice: Hngh…
The Herrscher did not flinch. His trembling mechanical manipulators brushed against her face.
Though his robotic extremities were insensitive to temperature and she had lost her tactile senses…
The touch sent a ripple that resonated within both of them…


CG plays wherein Owl is interrupted when trying to get through to Ana:
Owl: Ana…
Owl: I know you haven’t given up yet…
Owl: Please remember who you are…
Owl: Don’t let the Honkai corrupt your heart.
Mei: Owl!
Owl: Don’t get in the way, Herrscher of Thunder!


Mei and Durandal breached the encirclement of Honkai beasts and came before Owl and the Ice Herrscher.
Mei: …
Mei: Owl… do you know what you’re doing?
Owl: Of course I do.
Owl: I will save Ana and free her from the shackles of the Honkai. She will be human once more.
Owl: I know what the World Serpent has in store for her. You refused to give me a chance. I have no other choice.
Owl: However, you proved to me that Herrscher powers can be mastered, Mei Raiden. I will help Ana do the same.
Owl took the Herrscher of Ice by her hand. A powerful blizzard engulfed them at once.
Durandal: You’re not going anywhere!
Durandal leaped into action and became a blue comet that streaked into the sky.
Mei: …
Mei was rooted to the spot. Her heart was filled with twisting vines of conflict, indecision, and doubt.
Many nights had passed since Mei left her at Nagazora. She knew she had to decide eventually.
Mei convinced herself that it was all for her. She did it to foil her destiny. Indeed, those were the reasons…
She must do whatever it takes to seal the Herrscher of Ice.


Gameplay 18-12 - Subzero Blast:
The blizzard howled as the eye of the storm swallowed the teetering space elevator…
Durandal, ever the agile warrior, held out against the Herrscher in the deadly cold.
The stalemate between the Valkyrie and Herrscher was suddenly shattered by a bolt of lightning.
Mei Raiden glared at her foe. Though lacking the Scepters of Duat, she must find a way to seal her.
She could not afford to lose.
Owl: I believe I’ve failed to convince you…
Mei: I will hear nothing more. I will not let you stop me.
Owl: …Then come and face me!
Just as Owl prepared his weapon, a high-pitched scream was unleashed from the storm…


CG plays wherein the covering on Ana’s face shatters, causing Mei to falter at the sight of someone who looks so similar to Kiana:
Owl: Stop!
Owl: Don’t hurt Ana!
Mei: Kiana…?


The shattered veil revealed a sight familiar to Mei…
Mei: Hngh…
She resisted the storm of her emotions and readied her weapon for a strike…
But Owl stood before her to stop her blade.
Owl: Mei Raiden, you’ll have to get through me first if you want to kill her…
His severely damaged mechanical body fared poorly in the cold. Sparks flew from the failing circuitry…
…Yet he refused to back down.
Mei was taken aback. The decision that Owl had made was too familiar…
Mei: …I’ll gladly trade my life for hers!
Mei: She saved my life, and I shall save hers in return!
The man had made the exact same choice she did back then…
Owl: I owe her my life… and I’ll gladly die to protect her from you!
Mei: …
Durandal: Why do you hold back, Mei Raiden?
The comet streaked past, her lance aimed directly at Owl.
And then a mighty storm erupted right in the middle of the battlefield…
Herrscher of Ice: KYAAAAAAAAAAA…!!!
The Herrscher’s wail released a massive amount of energy stored within her Core.
Mei and Durandal held out against the frigid blast that swept over them. The entire island shook from the force.
A giant glacial formation emerged from the elevator like a snow lotus in full bloom.
The freezing wave overwhelmed everything in sight. The Herrscher of Ice and Owl were nowhere to be seen.
Owl: …
Owl supported the Herrscher and trudged along in the stricken city. She spent all her power to deliver that blast.
They were two fragile flakes of snow that would break apart at any moment.
But however difficult every step would be, Owl refused to break or fall.
There was only a single voice left in him…
Owl: I’ll do whatever it takes to help you survive this… Ana…




































Game Ch XIX: Into Earth Does the Water Flow


Act 1 - Trails of Ice:
Gameplay 19-1 - Enemy Assault:
Man: Hakk… kaff…
Smothering stiffness, pain, exhaustion and powerlessness…
He felt like a withered root buried in the ruined earth. There was no light in this suffocating agony.
Man: This… this is the end…
He did not accept this. He tried to move his hands. His fingers felt only cold, sharp pain.
Bits of dirt and mud fell onto his face.
Having exhausted himself, the man accepted his hopeless reality and closed his eyes.
It was at that very moment when he heard a soft, digging sound.
*Sra… kra*
Man: …?
*Grrak… GRRAAK*
Man: Am I hallucinating?
The sound grew louder. He opened his eyes. Light shone through a tiny crack high above him.
Girl: HAIYA—!
Someone removed the heavy slab with a shout.
Girl: I found one… I found a survivor! Oh, thank goodness!
Girl: Hold on! I’ll get you out of there at once!
He saw the person who saved him. Her worried look was overtaken by joyous relief.
She removed more rocks and debris. The crack widened into a gap through which light poured onto his face.
Man: Hngh… Help…
His voice was weak, yet he found the strength to stretch out a trembling hand.
Girl: It’s alright! I’ll save you! Don’t give up!
Girl: Grab my hand! I’ll get you out of there!
He could feel the warmth in her palm.
Girl: Just a bit more… you can do it!
He saw her smile. Her beautiful face was highlighted by the sun and unfurled before him like a portrait painting.
Man: Thank you…
The light grew stronger. His vision blurred as her smile began to warp and twist.
The world fell silent. There was nothing left except for a call echoing in the far distance…
Girl: Wake up… please… wake up…
Girl: Not now… please… please don’t die on me…
Girl: Wake up…
Owl: Kaff… hakk…
Memories faded and gave way to the stark reality. The first thing he saw was the Herrscher beside him.
Herrscher of Ice: …
She was silent. Ana’s face was visible beneath the veil. She was as beautiful as he remembered.
But the Herrscher was as innocent and confused as a newborn child. Her gaze was bereft of human reason.
Owl: Ana…
Herrscher of Ice: Hngh…
Owl: Don’t you worry. I’ll get you out of here. Please have faith in me…
Owl: Yes… I’ll get you out of this place…


Coral. Outskirts. The Immortal Blades Valkyrie Squad had just endured a powerful blizzard.
Rita: What was that…?
Alvitr: Adjutant! A low temperature blast erupted in Coral central. Honkai energy levels are off the charts!
Alvitr: The whole island is freezing over! This must be the Herrscher’s doing! Is our Squad Leader alright?
Rita: …
Alvitr: What should we do, Adjutant? Should we send in our forces to help our Squad Leader?
Rita looked towards the city center and saw Honkai beasts hidden in the frozen mists.
Rita: We have our orders. Master Durandal told us to hold the line, and that is what we shall do.
Rita: We must have faith in Master Durandal and serve as her bulwark.
Rita: Immortal Blades, ready yourselves!
Immortal Blades: Roger!
Rita: Alert, all units. Hide yourselves as soon as possible once you enter the target location.
Alvitr: We’ve defeated every Honkai beast, Adjutant! Good job, everyone!
The blizzard subsided as soon as the Honkai beasts were vanquished.
Rita looked towards the skyscrapers in the distance. Her anxiety was only too obvious.
Rita: Master Durandal…
Alvitr: Wait… didn’t we just defeat the Honkai beasts? Why is the ambient Honkai energy level still rising?
Alvitr surveyed the battlefield and quickly found her answer.
Two approaching figures emerged from the retreating mist.
They walked very slowly as though they were afraid of breaking the fragile ice beneath their feet…
…And shatter it like this broken battlefield.
Herrscher of Ice: Hngh… urk…
Owl: This must be Schicksal’s defenses.


Gameplay 19-2 - Countercurrent:
Rita: The Herrscher of Ice…
Alvitr: What?! Why did the Herrscher come here? Did something happen to our Squad Leader…?
Alvitr: Adjutant, what should we do?
The Herrscher’s presence threw a few Valkyries into panic, but most quickly rallied around Rita.
They knew what must be done despite the odds.
Rita: Valkyries, prepare for battle. We shall fight this Herrscher.
Owl: Stand aside. Durandal and Mei Raiden have failed. You won’t stop us either.
Rita: Apologies. I will not let any Herrscher through.
Owl: Nonsense… Ana is not a Herrscher. She’s a human.
Owl: Don’t you agree, Ana?
Herrscher of Ice: Hngh… ugh…
The Herrscher uttered an unintelligible and bestial growl.
Rita gripped their weapon. The Immortal Blades Valkyries assumed their fighting formation.
Rita: We are done talking.
Owl: Well… as you wish.
Immortal Blades: Ugh!
Rita: Everyone…
Owl: You’re alone now. Save your breath.
Rita: I’ll stop you, and I don’t need help.
Owl: It’s over.
Rita: No… we’re not done yet…
Rita was succumbing to hypothermia. Her Argent Knight battlesuit fared poorly against the Herrscher of Ice.
But oath and duty forbade Rita to retreat. She knew she was the final line of defense.
Owl: We do not want to waste time on you. Stand aside before it’s too late…
Rita: You… shall… not… pass…
Rita’s Godsbane battlesuit worked at maximum capacity just to keep her on her feet.
The response she received was a powerful, frigid current—


CG plays wherein Rita is seemingly frozen by Ana, with both her and Owl leaving to continue their escape:
Owl: Sorry.


Gameplay 19-3 - Frozen Tracks:
Meanwhile. Downtown Coral.
*Prrrrzzp*
A red glow glimmered amidst the ruins of ice and rubble.
Mei: …
Mei created an EM field to insulate her and Durandal against the extreme cold.
She reverted to her usual form as she carefully manipulated her powers to maintain the field.
Mei: Are you alright, Durandal?
Durandal: I’m fine. What about you? You don’t exactly look the same.
Mei: The Herrscher of Ice can’t harm me. She has yet to master her powers.
Mei: But Owl fled with the Herrscher after that blow. We must pursue them quickly.
Mei: Her powers turned this place into a death zone approaching absolute zero. Follow me and I’ll bring you out.
Durandal: Let’s go.
Mei: This place should be safe enough…
???: The two of you seem to be unharmed.
Raven landed quietly before them. Her face was ghastly pale, perhaps due to the toxin or the cold.
Raven: Apologies. The sudden blast of extreme cold blocked my way and prevented me from giving you support.
Mei: No matter. Are you getting any better?
Raven: I’ve already dealt with it. What about Owl and the Herrscher? What happened out there?
Mei summarised what had happened in their prior engagement.
Raven: Hmm. I didn’t expect that guy to have such a history.
Raven: What are your plans?
Mei: Our only option is to find them as quickly as possible.
Raven: Finding them won’t do any good. We’re out of the Scepters of Duat required to capture the Herrscher.
Raven: Blame Jackal for this. If she had prepared more of those Scepters, the Herrscher wouldn’t be a problem.
Raven: The Honkai in Coral is also blocking any outgoing signals. We should retreat and get in touch with Jackal.
Mei: Retreat…?
Mei: No. There can be no retreat.
Mei: We’ll end up wasting too much time. The Honkai would continue to spread and claim more lives.
Mei: And that’s not the end of it…
Mei stopped there. She and Raven gazed at each other in silence.
Raven knew what Mei was about to say. A retreat would give the Ice Herrscher time to escalate the war.
A third party may even get involved and they might deploy the Hyperion if the situation grows desperate.
And when that happens, that special friend of hers would also enter the fray.
Mei: No. Retreat is not an option.
Raven: What are your plans, then?
Mei thought for a while and quickly proposed her solution.
Mei: Raven, I need you to salvage what’s left of the Scepters.
Raven: Salvage?
Mei: This plan of ours… it may very well work.
Raven: Fine. I’ll trust you for now.
Mei: And I’ll do whatever I can to stop the Herrscher in the meantime.
Raven nodded. She then turned around and disappeared into the silvery mist.
Durandal: Done talking?
Mei: Let’s go.
Durandal: We may have lost the Herrscher, but they will have to confront the Valkyries’ defenses to escape Coral.
Durandal: To stop them, I must return to those defenses and join my Valkyries.
Durandal: Do not hesitate again this time, Mei Raiden.
Mei: …I won’t.


Gameplay 19-4 - Frost Burns:
The frost continued to creep beyond the heart of Coral and created an icy path in its wake.
Mei: I can pick up traces of Herrscher power here. They shouldn’t be too far away.
Mei: We must hurry up. The Valkyries’ defenses should be up ahead.
Mei: Are those… Valkyries?
Unconscious Valkyries were found at the end of the path. Though alive, they were no longer capable of fighting.
A pale figure encased in a crust of ice stood out amongst the defeated Valkyries.
Durandal: Rita…!
Durandal rushed forward and held her adjutant in her arms. Rita was still breathing, if only weakly.
Mei: …
Durandal: Go and track down the Herrscher, Mei Raiden.
Mei: I will.
Mei knew what had to be done and turned around without a word.
Behind her, the Holy Lance gave off a glow that engulfed the entire battlefield.


Gameplay 19-5 - The Hunt:
Owl: Huff… huff…
The dark tunnels seemed to go on forever. Owl felt heavier and slower with every step he took.
Mechanical joints creaked as parts came loose and fell to the ground, but Owl fixed his gaze upon the distant exit.
He knew he only needed to reach that place to end all this.
Owl: I’m… close…
His vision began to blur as lights trailed lines upon his clouded sight.
His thoughts swam as the light illuminated past memories.
Chen Tianwu: Huff… huff…
Ana: Don’t give up… you’ll make this, I’m sure of it!
Ana: Don’t give up! You can do it!
The girl repeated those lines as she struggled to support his weight with her body.
But she could hardly hide her distressed looks. Those encouraging words were not only meant for him.
Tianwu knew that the Valkyrie was also fighting her own fears.
Chen Tianwu: Are you… afraid?
Ana: Wha…?
Chen Tianwu: Your hands are trembling.
Ana: No… I’m just…
Chen Tianwu: What a terrible disaster. People turning into monsters… and strange beasts on the road…
Ana: It’s the Honkai.
Chen Tianwu: Honkai?
Ana: Yeah. Don’t worry. I’m a Valkyrie of Schicksal and I’m bound by oath to protect you against the Honkai.
Ana: Ah… I’m sorry… most people probably won’t understand what I just said…
Chen Tianwu: Hmm… I thought this was something like a zombie apocalypse…
Ana: Zombies?
Chen Tianwu: Yeah. Walking, putrid corpses that can’t be killed with most conventional weapons.
Chen Tianwu: You can only defeat them by busting their heads or burning them completely.
Chen Tianwu: What’s worse is that if they bite you, your body will start to change as well.
Chen Tianwu: You’ll eventually lose your mind… and turn into a zombie like them…
Chen Tianwu: And the very worst part is…
Ana: …Stop!
Chen Tianwu: Hmm?
Ana: Just stop already!
Ana: Why are you telling me about zombies? That’s the most disgusting thing I’ve ever heard…
Chen Tianwu: …
Chen Tianwu: I see. You’re afraid of zombies.
Ana: NO! I didn’t say I’m afraid of them! I’m just… disgusted… that’s all…
Chen Tianwu: It seems that Valkyries are just normal little girls after all.
Chen Tianwu: I’m Chen Tianwu. What’s your name?
Ana: Ana… Ana Schariac.
Chen Tianwu: Thank you, Ana…
Ana: Ah, you’re… you’re welcome!
Trudge… trudge…
*TAP* *TAP* *TAP*
Mei tracked the Herrscher’s trail and arrived at the tunnel entrance, her mind deep in thought.
Mei: …
She could not forget the sight of the defeated Immortal Blades Valkyries and Rita.
A series of dull thumping noises interrupted her. She raised her head and saw Honkai beasts hatching in the tunnel.
She knew she was on the right track. The Herrscher would be at the other side of this tunnel.
Her blade was drawn. She knew there was only one thing to be done.
Sparks flew as Mei slashed her way through like an enraged oni.
While lightning and thunder exploded all around her, Mei’s mind was as tranquil as a still lake.
Mei: I won’t let this continue…
Mei: I shall protect them…
Mei: …For this is all that I have left.
A light erupted within the tunnel and sped to the other end before converging into a single point.
Mei: Time to finish this, Herrscher of Ice…










Act 2 - Shattering of Souls:
Gameplay 19-6 - First Wish:
As cold wind blew across his face, he could finally see light at the end of the tunnel.
Owl: Ana, we’ve made it through Schicksal’s defenses… just go…
Owl: Leave this place… and live…
A completely exhausted Owl finally collapsed.
Herrscher of Ice: Hngh… nngh…
He tried waving the Herrscher away, but she stared blankly like a snowflake oblivious to everything around her.
She then slowly extended her hand…
Owl: …?
The Herrscher picked up Owl, her movements clumsy yet surprisingly gentle.
Owl: Ana… you…
The Herrscher’s touch was no longer freezing. Her face showed hints of emotion.
Astonishment and joy filled his heart. He decided to let the Herrscher carry his weight and continued walking.
Mei: The Herrscher of Ice stayed here for a while.
Mei: She was just here.
Mei: I’m very close…
Mei: What is that?
A strange statue of ice stood in Mei’s way.
Upon touch, the statue disintegrated into sparkling ice crystals and gave off hushed whispers…
…
It was the most unforgettable day of her life.
Clad in her tidy uniform, she marched through the assembly and saluted them.
It was the day that she had always prayed for. Her hard work paid off. Her dream was coming true.
The girl took a deep breath and loudly recited:
Ana: I, Ana Schariac, do hereby offer my oath…
Ana: Of loyalty to Schicksal and our Overseer, and dedicate my life to our noble vision…
Ana: I shall not fear any trepidation, nor pain, nor death…
Ana: I shall act as the beacon of hope to those in suffering, and fight for those languishing in pain…
Ana: …I pledge all that I am and have to the human race, and shall do whatever it takes to destroy the Honkai.
Ana: From this day forth, I, by my own volition, shall serve as a glorious Valkyrie of Schicksal.
…
The light shone again before fading away with the girl’s voice.


Gameplay 19-7 - Dilemma:
Mei: That light… it must be her memories.
Mei: Her memories are freezing solid…
…
Ana: Huff… huff…
The dark, overcast sky loomed over a Valkyrie running away from something.
Ana: I’m sorry… I’m so sorry…
She repeated these words to herself as she desperately looked for a way out of the ruins.
They were ambushed. The Squad Leader disappeared in the explosion and she lost contact with the other squad members.
She must head back to the rendezvous point, reestablish comm links, and get reinforcements.
The constant static from her comm device was the only thing she could hear.
Ana: I can’t stay here… my mission is too important…
The Valkyrie then caught the sound of loose gravel hitting the ground.
She stopped running and looked around. Her gaze fell upon the collapsed building.
She waited for a few seconds. There was nothing else. She was unsure if she was hearing things.
So the young Valkyrie continued her desperate flight.
Ana: I’m sorry! I’m really sorry! I really am…
She repeated these words to herself as she left the ruins behind her.
A thought then began to coalesce in her mind.
DESERTER.
Ana: No… that’s not true…
She remembered the day when she became a Valkyrie.
Like this devastated city, her oath and her ideals were reduced to ruin.
She had never felt so helpless. She failed to save anyone… even when they were within reach…
Ana: …
Ana: …NO!!
The Valkyrie stopped running.
Ana: This… this isn’t what I want!
Though trembling, she turned around and raised back to the ruins…








Gameplay 19-8 - Their Token:
Mei: Hmm…
Mei: This ice statue looks different.
…
Ana: I’m sorry…
Ana: I’m afraid this is the end of the road for us…
Ana: I’m really sorry… we’ve made it this far… but I still failed to save you…
Honkai beasts stomped through the rubble as the survivors hid behind a wall. There was no exit in sight.
Chen Tianwu: Just leave me here, Ana… you should be able to escape on your own…
Ana: No… I can’t do that…
Chen Tianwu: None of us can escape if you take me with you…
Ana: But… I can’t simply leave you here…
Chen Tianwu: Just because you’re a Valkyrie? Because of the oath of duty you swore?
Chen Tianwu: Will you save me otherwise?
Ana: I…
Chen Tianwu: Don’t worry. I’ll find a place to hide. Get your reinforcements first and save me later.
Chen Tianwu: We can bet on this.
Ana: Bet on this…?
Chen Tianwu: Yeah. If both of us survive this, you’ll go on a date with me.
Ana: Wha—?!
Ana: I can’t believe this! How can you make such stupid jokes? Can’t you see what’s happening?
Chen Tianwu: Hey, I’m just quoting the truth. You’re the reason why I’m still alive.
Chen Tianwu: You stayed by my side and told me not to give up. You’re the reason why I’ve made it to this place.
Chen Tianwu: Meeting you in this disaster is the best thing that’s ever happened in my life.
Chen Tianwu: I guess I’ll follow you anywhere, whether you like it or not…
Ana: I… I don’t know…
Chen Tianwu: Heheh!
Chen Tianwu: Hah. Don’t take it too seriously. I was only fooling around.
Ana: Wha…?
Ana: You were just… fooling around? How could you…
Chen Tianwu: Well, at least I got things off your mind for a while.
Ana: Ugh. I have no idea what’s going on in your head. Don’t you realise the situation we’re in?
Chen Tianwu: Ana, I’m quite hard to kill.
Chen Tianwu: I still need to look for my family and take care of some business.
Chen Tianwu: I won’t die here… trust me…
Ana: …
Ana: Chen Tianwu…
Ana: You’re such a weird guy…
Ana: Even then, I want you to have faith in me. We’ll leave this place together…
Ana: So I’ve decided to take your bet.


CG plays wherein Ana gives Owl half of her necklace:
Ana: Here you go.
Chen Tianwu: This is…
Ana: This is what I treasure the most.
Ana: Return it to me after we make it out alive.
Ana: This is our bet!


…
Ana: Who’s this in the photo?
Chen Tianwu: My baby sister, Chen Tianwen. She’s the family I’m planning to look for.
Though the two managed to escape to a Schicksal base, they had to go their separate ways.
Chen Tianwu would be getting treatment at another city, while Ana was to be redeployed to the warzone.
Chen Tianwu: She’s still trapped in the city ruins…
Chen Tianwu: Please, Ana… help me look for her…
Chen Tianwu: And… if it’s possible… I’d like to tag along as well…
Ana: Chen Tianwen…?
Someone knocked on the door. Ana lowered her gaze.
Ana: I’m sorry. I have to go…
Chen Tianwu: It’s alright… I can’t be asking favors from you all the time…
Chen Tianwu: I’ll go look for you, Ana… this necklace…
Ana: …
Chen Tianwu: What is it?
Ana: …
Ana: I’m sorry…
Ana: You can keep that necklace…
Ana left. He was left dumbstruck by her sudden change.
He did not know why she left him like that until much later.
He heard a few conversations and learned that Ana became the leader of the new Snow Lotus Squad.
The old Snow Lotus Squad was gone. Ana was the sole survivor.


Gameplay 19-9 - Thawing Ice:
Owl: …!
Owl sensed something in the frozen garden.
Owl: This is as far as I can go… Ana…
Herrscher of Ice: …
The Herrscher stayed silent and continued to carry him as dark clouds roiled above the pristine lea.
Owl: Mei Raiden will catch up soon… I’m just slowing you down…
Herrscher of Ice: …
Owl: Leave me here… and I’ll try to stop her for you…
Herrscher of Ice: Chen… Tianwu…
Owl: A… Ana?
Ana: Chen Tianwu…
Owl: Ana… Ana… you’re finally back!
Owl: This… this is wonderful! You did it! You really did it!
Ana: Thank you… for staying by my side…
Owl: It doesn’t matter, Ana. You… you’ve finally defeated the Honkai…
Owl: We can head back and show everyone that you’re human again. We’re finally done with running away.
Owl: Let’s go! I’ll bring you to the World Serpent.
Ana: No… you’ve done enough…
Owl: Enough…? What do you mean?
Ana: Chen Tianwu…
Ana: Please… let me die…
Owl: Die…?
Owl: Stop fooling around, Ana… I won’t let you…
Ana: I can’t… fight it… not anymore…
Ana: My memories… are peeling away…
Ana: This is… all the time I have left… I’ve used the last bit of my strength…
Owl: Ana… no… this can’t be true…
Ana: Tianwu… it’s enough… you should… let it end…
Ana: At least… let me…
Ana: Die… as a human…
Owl: No… there must be some other way… don’t give up, Ana!
Ana: I’m… sorry… you have to… let me go…
Owl: Ana… NO! Where are you going?!
Owl tried to hold on to her but was trapped by growing ice. He realised that she had brought him here to bid farewell.
He could only see her slowly drifting away until she completely disappeared into the falling snow.
Ana: …
Ana: Goodbye…
Ana: Chen Tianwu…
Mei: …?
It was snowing when Mei saw the Herrscher of Ice landing right before her.
Herrscher of Ice: …
The Herrscher approached Mei slowly, quietly, and gently as though she had expected this confrontation.
Crystals of ice blossomed with her every step and gave off a faint glow before disappearing into thin air.
Mei knew what the Herrscher wanted.
Mei: Come… it’s time to end this…
Ana: Do it… I can’t hold it anymore…
Mei: I’m sorry…
The Herrscher of Ice fell onto the bed of flowers.
She did not resist. In fact, she did all that she could to suppress the urge to fight back.
Victory was almost at hand. Mei raised her blade.
Owl: STOP—!!
Mei: Owl…?
The cyborg leaped out of the blizzard and stood between the two.
Owl ruined his own cyborg body to escape Ana’s ice trap and could barely stay on his feet.
Mei: Stand aside!
Owl: I said… that you’ll have to go through me first… I won’t let anyone hurt her…
Owl staggered towards Mei as his body blinked red like a ticking bomb…
*SWISH*
He was stopped dead in his tracks.
Blood erupted from his chest and blossomed like scarlet flowers on the white snow.


CG plays wherein Ana is revealed to have been the one to stab Owl, having shot an icicle straight through his chest:
Owl: Ana…?


…
Owl: Why…? How…?
A clinging pain spread from his chest as fluids wept from the wound and his world turned red.
Owl: Damn this thing… damn… it all…
The face he remembered slowly froze over.
Owl: Ugh… I guess this is the truth…
Owl: The truth… that nothing… has ever… changed… since then…
Ana: I’m sorry… I’m a Valkyrie of Schicksal… I’ve sworn to defeat the Honkai.
Ana: Treat this disaster as just yet another accident in your life, Tianwu…
Ana: Please forget me…
Chen Tianwu: Ana…? Wait…!!
Chen Tianwu: Ana…!!
Owl: Why…? Why do you keep avoiding me? Why suppress your own feelings?
Owl: I only wanted to stay with you… why deny this simple wish…
Crimson gave way to darkness. A veil shrouded him and ushered him to the end of his life.
The last thing he remembered was her cold, hard face.
Owl: Can someone tell me…
Owl: What did I… do wrong?
…
…
Death engulfed his world. There was neither light nor sound.
He laid in the vast emptiness, adrift in the great ocean of nothing.
He stared into the roiling yet pure darkness. He tried to understand it… yet his senses had already left him.
Owl: So this… is how death feels like…
Then a spark appeared in this empty void.
It sprouted, sank its roots, and began to grow.
The spark soon became a glowing tree with twisting roots that nourished a massive crown.
A crown of branches, twigs, and leaves that gave off light as well…
Owl: Where am I?
He then found himself in the middle of a scorched ruin.
His returning senses felt the dust and heat. The place felt familiar. He looked around.
He quickly realised why he remembered this place.
Little Girl: Tianwu… where are you…?
Owl: …?
Little Girl: Save me… somebody… help…
Owl: …Tianwen? Sis?!
For a moment, Owl thought it was a near-death vision…
Yet the heat, dust, and blood that flowed from the cracks were simply too real.
Owl: Tianwen… I’m here! I’m right here, Sis…
He wanted to rush forward… but his body was trapped and refused to move…
He tried to shout, but no voice left his mouth.
Owl: Why… why are you showing me this?
Owl: Give me a reason…!!
*TAP* *TAP* *TAP*
The sound of footsteps caught his attention. There was someone else in the ruins…
Owl: What…?!
Owl: A… Ana?!
Ana Schariac, the Valkyrie who saved him, stood within the light just as he remembered her on that day.
Owl: Save her! Save my Sis!
While he shouted voicelessly, the trapped girl extended a trembling hand.
Little Girl: Please… Miss… save me…
Owl: Ana… go save her! Ana? What are you doing? Why won’t you save her?!
He suddenly saw something unfamiliar in her eyes.
The Valkyrie backed away slowly, turned around, and ran away.
Owl: …Ana?
Owl: Ana! Where are you going?!
Owl was dumbstruck as the fleeing Ana disappeared into the darkness.
Something alien woke within him. It reached out in its attempts to break free.
Owl: No… this can’t be… this can’t be possible…
He began to feel afraid.
He tried to mend the cracks in his heart but the fractures only widened.
Owl: Why… why are you doing this, Ana? Why won’t you save her?!
Owl: Wait…
Owl: Could it be… no…
His heart hardened and shattered like the rest of this world.
Little Girl: Help… please… don’t leave me…
Little Girl: Can anyone… save me…
Little Girl: Please… save me…
Her voice grew weaker.
Her tiny hand struggled to hold on to something in the air.
It grasped and struggled before falling onto the ground, never to be lifted again.
Owl: RAAAAAAAAARRRRGGH!
His chest ruptured as a mass of glowing tendrils erupted from his body.
The tendrils then wrapped themselves around Owl, engulfing and dissolving him completely.
Owl: WHY… WHY…?!
Owl: ANA… WH…. ... …. ….Y DI….  …. …. ….  …. …. ….  …. ….  ….E?
He roared with a nameless rage as the world twisted and cascaded around him.
Owl: HOW CO….LD …. ….U …. ….A…. ….  …. ….R T…. …. …. ….? A…. …. …. ‘ ….  …. …. ….  ….  S…. ….ICK…. ….L  …. …. …. …. …. ….IE?
Owl: …. …. …. …. …. …. …. …. …. …. …. …. …. …. …. …. …. …. …. …. …. …. …. …. …. …. …. …. …. …. …. …. …. …. …. …. …. …. …. …. …. …. …. …. …. …. …. …. …. …. …. …. …. …. …. ….
The maelstrom of chaos raged…
…And the human named Chen Tianwu perished.


Gameplay 19-10 - Cracking of Ice:
Mei: Owl…!!
Herrscher of Ice: KYAAAA—!!!
Lightning arcs collided with frigid rime.
The Herrschers fought each other, their powers threatening to tear the fabric of reality apart.
Then it all ended when a blinding blast smashed through the vortex.
Mei: It’s finally over…!
Herrscher of Ice: …!!
The stricken Herrscher gave a scream louder than the thunderous cacophony.
The blade pierced the ice, went through her body, and left a wake of bloodied snow.
And with that, the Herrscher collapsed onto a bed of flowers.
Mei: Huff…
Mei approached the Ice Herrscher slowly. Her defeated foe remained unmoving.
To capture the Herrscher, Mei dealt that blow carefully to avoid the enemy’s Core.
Mei: Now I’ll just wait for Raven to get here…
Mei: Wha…?!
A sense of fatigue washed over her. She suddenly felt much heavier as strength left her limbs.
Mei quickly realised that it was not the fault of her body. Another had dealt the blow without her knowing.
Mei: What… is this…?
Mei: Could this be… gravity?!


CG plays wherein Owl rises from the dead having now awakened as a Herrscher, leading to the creation of a black hole in the sky:
Mei: Owl?!
Mei: Ngh… What in the world…


Gameplay 19-11 - Gravitic Implosion:
Mei: What… is this…?
The black sphere erupted in mid-air. The frozen ground trembled as deadly cracks began to spread.
Giant spikes of ice burst forth from the ground before breaking free and flying straight towards the black hole.
The entirety of Coral was being ripped apart.
…
Valkyrie: Mr. Chen Tianwu, we have the results of your physical exam…
Valkyrie: I’m sorry to inform you that your body has been severely infected due to prolonged exposure to the Honkai.
Valkyrie: You have two more years if you’re lucky.
Chen Tianwu: Two more years…
Chen Tianwu: So…
Chen Tianwu: Do you have any news about my sister?
Valkyrie: …She’s not on the list. We’re still looking for survivors, but please don’t be too optimistic…
Chen Tianwu: …
Valkyrie: Is there anything else, Mr. Chen?
Chen Tianwu: Ana…
Chen Tianwu: No, there’s nothing else…
…
…
Owl: Ana… I want you to know…
Owl: …That I lost everything on that day.
Owl: I don’t know what I did to deserve this, or what I should do afterwards.
Owl: Nothing else mattered. Everything became meaningless.
Owl: I embarked upon a path of self-destruction.
Owl: There was despair… helplessness… acceptance… and then longing…
Owl: You became my last beacon of hope. I wanted to meet again… to start over.
Owl: I began studying the Honkai, Schicksal, and anything that might be linked to you…
Owl: I chanced upon a way where I could see you in person…
Owl: I joined the World Serpent and became an officer… and then I found you…
Owl: Though it was my wish… I feared I was no longer fit to see you again…
Owl: My body was no longer human and my life would be ending soon.
Owl: So all I wanted was to see you from a distance without you knowing…
Owl: And even that became impossible…
Owl: Ana…
Owl: I don’t know if I should thank you or hate you…
Owl: But you were the one who saved me from that stricken city…
Owl: Ana… I have… decided…
Owl: …To return my life to you.
Owl: Take it all… and assume my powers as well…
Owl: We’re now enemies of this world… but if there’s a chance…
Owl: Ana…
Owl: Live on… for my sake.


Schicksal base camp. Outskirts of Coral.
Alvitr: Squad Leader! Bad news! We’ve got a new situation at Coral!
Durandal: Calm down and give me the updates.
Alvitr: There’s a sharp Honkai energy spike on the island! I’ve never seen such figures before!
Alvitr: We’ve detected an anomalous gravity wave at the epicenter and the wave is growing as we speak!
Alvitr: And there’s something else…
Alvitr: Another Herrscher energy signature has appeared amidst this chaos!
Durandal rushed out of the tent to check what she just heard and saw a black sphere and massive rocks in the sky.
She then realised that the rocks were pieces of buildings torn from the ground itself…


CG plays wherein the city begins rising into the sky, the newly formed fusion Herrscher at its epicenter:
Durandal: What is that… monster…


Act 3 - Weight of Destruction:
Gameplay 19-12 - Star of Cataclysm:
Schicksal base camp. Outskirts of Coral.
Alvitr: We have an emergency! A cataclysmic Honkai Eruption took place in central Coral 5 minutes ago!
Alvitr: The Eruption created an anomalous gravity wave that affected at least one-third of the downtown area.
Alvitr: The worst part is that this Eruption created a massive monster!
Alvitr: Scans and analyses of this entity revealed something unbelievable…
Alvitr: We identified 2 powerful Honkai energy signatures within it.
Alvitr: One matches the wave pattern of the Herrscher of Ice. The other belongs to a novel Herrscher-class entity.
Alvitr: In other words, that Eruption gave birth to yet another Herrscher…!
Durandal: …
Alvitr: We’ve used external comm links to convey the situation at Coral to HQ.
Alvitr: The reply from HQ highlighted the Herrscher’s characteristics.
Alvitr: Analysis of the gravitational wave revealed powers similar to the 9th Herrscher of the Previous Era.
Durandal: A monster consisting of two fused Herrschers…
Alvitr: That’s right… Coral is now facing a Honkai event of the highest severity. HQ is mobilising all the forces it can.
Alvitr: The Overseer wants us to withdraw and rendezvous with the main forces and avoid unnecessary casualties.
Durandal: Understood. Our frontline forces are no longer fit for battle given the losses we’ve taken.
Durandal: Alvitr, I’m giving you command. Get everyone out of here.
Alvitr: What? What about you, Squad Leader?
Durandal: I’ll try to distract that monster and gather as much intel as I can.
Alvitr: But… that’s dangerous! It’s too risky!
Durandal: The situation is already out of control, Alvitr. Things will only get worse as time goes by.
Durandal: Inaction is the riskiest option to take.
Alvitr: But… with Adjutant Rita wounded… if you got yourself…
Durandal: Don’t worry, Alvitr.
Durandal: I’ll leave Rita to your care.
Alvitr: Understood! Be careful out there, Squad Leader!
Meanwhile. Downtown Coral.
Mei: How did this happen…
Mei stood in the streets and gazed upon the broken skies.
Chunks of concrete ripped up from the ground orbited the remains of the Galactic Stairway.
Raven: And all I did was leave you for a bit. What did you do this time?
She landed softly beside her.
Mei: Raven…
Raven: I’ve heard about it from Schicksal’s comm channels. I can probably guess the cause.
Raven: Here. You told me to get these.
Raven held a small box with black and gold stripes encrusted in a layer of frost.
Raven: The situation has changed. We have the Scepters of Duat, but I don’t know if you can still make them work.
Raven: Do tell me about this plan of yours.
Mei took the Scepters of Duat from Raven.
She thought about Owl, his betrayal, his escape, the pursuit, and everything else that happened since then.
Mei gave a slight frown as the Scepters crackled slightly before giving off a red glow.
Mei: Electromagnetic fields.
Raven: I knew it.
Mei: The Scepters use EM fields to disrupt the link between the Herrscher Core and Imaginary Space.
Mei: Jackal didn’t give any details, but I’ve experienced its powers and memorised the EM patterns it created.
The red glow from the device spread like blood that slowly flowed into her palm, her skin, and her entire body.
Raven: And you want to use your powers of Thunder to do the same thing?
Mei: Yes. We still have a chance.
Mei: I can duplicate the Scepters’ effects. In fact, I can do it with greater power.
Raven: Yeah, but you’ll be facing a monster consisting of two fused Herrschers.
Raven: You must overwhelm it on its turf and take its Cores. You have one shot, and no one can save you if you fail.
Mei: Yet that is what I must do.
Mei: And I’ll succeed no matter the cost…
Raven: …
Durandal: If that’s the case, do allow me to offer you assistance.
Mei: Durandal?


Gameplay 19-13 - Head-On Assault:
Durandal: If that’s the case, do allow me to offer you assistance.
Mei: Durandal?
Durandal: Honkai intensity in Coral is now twice that of an Eruption event. The numbers are still rising as we speak.
Durandal: That monster will only get stronger. We must act quickly.
Mei: Help me get close to the Cores, Durandal. I have a way to defeat this thing.
Mei: Raven, you should retreat to a safe location.
Raven: Ugh. I don’t like this at all, but I’m afraid I can’t help you in my current state.
Raven: I’ll be wishing you luck in any case.


Gameplay 19-14 - Shattered Comet:
Snow, pure as blooming flowers yet dark like the deepest space, wafted at the foot of the Galactic Stairway.
The Herrscher was silent as though it were a puppet caged in a nascent bud.
Durandal: Let’s go. We have only one chance to do this right.
Mei: Alright. Let’s go…
While the Valkyrie and Herrscher advanced, the black nova hurtled towards the earth.
The gravitic sphere instantly disintegrated upon hitting the ground and tore heaven and earth apart.
A blinding flash engulfed the entirety of Coral…
Durandal: Watch out! The space elevator is collapsing!
Durandal: Herrscher powers are engulfing the entirety of Coral…
Durandal: Now’s your chance!
Mei: Get…
Mei: Impaled!
…
Mei: Where am I…?
Owl: …
Mei: Owl.
Owl: Congratulations, Mei Raiden… you’ve won.
Mei: It’s over…
Owl: Yes… it has ended…
Owl: All I wanted was to see her again… tell her what I felt about her… is that wrong?
Mei: …
Mei: I don’t know. I’m looking for an answer to that question as well.
Owl: Is that so? Then I hope you won’t end up like us…
Mei: I’m sorry.
Owl: Why apologise?
Owl: We’re Herrschers… monsters that must be destroyed. You did what you must.
Owl: It doesn’t really matter anymore. Fate played a joke on Ana and me.
Owl: Perhaps my emotions left me when I became a Herrscher…
Owl: I don’t even… feel… sad…
Owl: Just… end this.
The blade fell. All went silent.


CG plays wherein Owl and Ana finally move on, leading to the destruction of the composite Herrscher:
Owl: I can’t move…
Owl: Maybe an end like this isn’t so bad after all…
Owl: Ana…
Owl: We can be together at last…


The storm blew over. The sun shone upon the land.
Schicksal relief forces assembled in the gentle sea breeze.
Mei stood on the shattered breakwaters. The prosperous island state of Coral was now a desolate ruin.
The waves seemed to carry the souls of the deceased and remains of civilisation to where they belong.
This incident will be regarded in history as a disaster almost too terrible to behold.
Raven: The two Cores are still “alive”.
Raven: You did it. You’re now one step closer to your goals.
Mei: …
Raven: Why so quiet? Are you expecting me to applaud your great feat?
Raven: Cheer up. It’s your victory.
Mei: I don’t think I can call this a victory.
Mei looked at the mercenary. Raven ignored her and tinkered with the 3rd Divine Key she had salvaged.
Both of them remained silent for a long while until Raven finally raised her head.
Raven: You probably can’t accept how things turned out. I certainly couldn’t. I don’t think anyone could…
Raven: But this was, is, and will be the way this world works…
She stood up and gave Mei a gentle pat.
The two looked to the sun sinking in the horizon. Night would soon approach.
Raven: Be strong. Don’t you have someone to protect? A brief moment of weakness may cost you dearly.
Mei: And I suppose you feel the same when it comes to those children of yours.
Raven: I’ll not say anything to that.
Mei: Hmph. I suppose it’s time for us to leave.
Raven: Just go and visit Owl before that.
Raven said as she pointed to the beach in the distance.
Raven: The Schicksal Valkyries built a tomb for him and Ana. I just came back from there.
Raven: He’s an evil traitor. The World Serpent doesn’t forgive that.
Raven: And so he would be forgotten. We would be the only ones who remember him.
The sun glowed red as it slowly sank.
Mei arrived at the beach. A Valkyrie with flowing, blond hair took her attention.
Mei: Durandal…
Durandal: Though she turned into a Herrscher, Ana remained a glorious Valkyrie till the very end of her life.
Durandal: She fulfilled her duty, and the time has come for her to rest.
Durandal gave a salute and mourned the young Valkyrie.
Mei: Is that her necklace?
Durandal: Yes. She wore it all the time. It was very dear to her.
Mei: …
Mei took out another similar necklace from her pocket. She acquired it when she seized the Herrscher’s Cores.
Mei: Then I guess this belongs to her as well.
Mei placed the two necklaces together and placed them on the headstone.
The combined necklaces basked in the setting sun and gave a brilliant, azure glow.
It seemed like a beacon lighting the way for those caught in a world between life and death.
Mei gazed upon the headstone silently while Durandal turned around and left.
The two parted ways as the sun shone for the last time on that day.


Kevin: You did well.
This was the only reply from the Sire of the World Serpent after the debriefing.
Mei: …
Kevin: You shall return.
Mei: Tell me…
Mei: Did you predict that I would use my Herrscher powers to seize and suppress the Cores?
Kevin: You realised that solution on your own.
Mei: Did you ever consider what might happen if I were to fail?
Kevin: You will only succeed.
Mei: …
Mei: I want an explanation.
He was silent for only a brief moment.
Kevin: This Eruption event gave birth to two Herrschers that fused together as one.
Kevin: One consumed the Core of another and became a far stronger entity.
Kevin: You did something similar. You conquered… Herrscher… powers…
Mei: What? Really?
Brrzzaaa… brrzza…
Raven: What’s going on?
Mei: The comm links are down.
Mei: This isn’t signal interference. We have an emergency.
Mei: Something happened to the base…


Special CG [Reawakening] plays:
???: Deep in this boundless dream…
???: Gazing at my warped self.
Durandal: King!
Kevin: Friend or foe… pick your side!
???: My past was nothing but a failure. Those I wanted to protect, all…
???: …Perished.
Durandal: Argh!
???: Only the remorse etched on one’s mind can make one emerge from their pupa.
???: I will now transform this world into one I desire with my own hands.
Kiana: You are…
???: Can’t recognise me anymore?
???: …Kiana.
???: I will reverse all creations.




Game Ch XX: Immortal Phoenix


Act 1 - T:
Gameplay 20-1 - Aspirant:
In this seemingly unending darkness…
The once dead Empyrean slowly regained her consciousness…
Lively Voice: Hey, wake up! You’ve been asleep for too long.


[CHOICE] =  “Who… am I?”


Lively Voice: I’m not going to do this again. Unlike last time, your brain has escaped largely unscathed.
Lively Voice: Go through your memories and figure out who you are. We have plenty of work to do.


[CHOICE] = “Who are you?”


Lively Voice: Know that I’m your id. I am the primal and truest form of you.
Aloof Voice: I’m the super-ego. Don’t worry, this isn’t a case of schizophrenia. We’re a part of you.
Lively Voice: The ego will appear once you recall your identity. Figure it out. You’re only complete with all three of us.


[CHOICE] = “Who am I?”


Id: Try and remember. You are…


CG plays wherein the memories of a certain someone flash by in quick succession.


Memories poured into your mind as though they’d been waiting for your command…
You saw a lonely girl standing in the cold, an armored warrior, a remorseless assassin, a forgotten Empyrean…


Ego: You were every one of them.
Super-Ego: Every one of them was you.
Id: They’re still a part of you. We don’t have much time. Sensors have picked up your brain signals. He’ll be here soon…




[CHOICE] = “He?”


Id: Otto Apocalypse. Fish through your memories. He’s further back in there somewhere.
Ego: He’s the Overseer of Schicksal. Your old friend, and the only person who knows you’re still alive…
Super-Ego: He’s also a liar and a murderer…
Id: We’ll talk about this later. Take a look and see where you are right now.
You opened your eyes…
You found yourself immersed in a clammy fluid within a life support pod as bubbles fluttered to the surface.
Ego: This pod kept you alive. He actually treated your wounds… including *that* one…
Super-Ego: Perhaps he’s trying to make up for something.
Id: More like trying to “imprison” you.
What are your plans?


[CHOICE] = Check the life support pod


You skimmed through your memories. You’re inside an NX-189 unit, the latest treatment pod of Schicksal.
Super-Ego: The most advanced model of its kind, even according to Previous Era standards.
???: …
What are your plans?


[CHOICE] = Check outside the pod


You see bright lights, instruments, winding cables, more life support pods, and monitors showing various data.
Id: What are those coffins hiding?
Nothing. You shook your head. More bubbles fluttered to the surface like translucent pearls.
What are your plans?


[CHOICE] = Try to leave


Super-Ego: This life support pod can only be opened by someone at the terminal.
Id: Hah. I don’t think anyone can stop your fists.
What’s next? You decide.


[CHOICE] = Smash the pod


You clenched your hands into hard, reliable fists and felt a surge of power. Your body has recovered well…
Ego: Remember the last time you felt this way? 500 years ago? Perhaps. It’s been far too long.
Id: This is what you should be. DO IT!
You felt light and relaxed as the containment fluid gushed through the smashed opening.
You gently stepped out of the pod and felt the floor with your feet.
???: My old friend! You’re finally awake.
A familiar voice. You turned towards the door and saw a blond, smiling man.
Ego: He’s Otto Apocalypse.
Id: I can go on for ages about your odd relationship with him.
Super-Ego: He calls himself a friend of yours, but he is a liar.
Otto: Hmm. Not even a “hello”? Fine. You just woke up and need additional observation and treatment…
Otto: Exam results indicate full physical recovery, but you failed to wake. I thought something bad had happened.
Otto: You won’t blame me, right, old friend? Are you… alright? Do you recognise me?
Id: Tell him that you can recognise him anywhere.
Super-Ego: You should try to find out what he’s up to. We can’t just attack an unarmed person…
Id: What? Unarmed? This man can create weapons out of thin air!
Ego: Ask him why you’re here.


[CHOICE] = “Why am I here?”


Otto: Because I don’t want you to die.
Otto Apocalypse gave a self-deprecating smile.
Otto: We’ve known each other for a while, old friend. A head injury won’t kill you, but I don’t want to wait 20 years.
Otto: I did shoot you even though you owed me nothing. That’s why I brought you here and treated your wound.
Super-Ego: Listen to how he covers his evil deeds with pretty words.
Ego: He’s a wretched viper, but…
Id: BUT WHAT?! He killed you, created a Honkai Eruption, hurt the St. Freya girls, and he’s not even sorry!
Otto: Alright, friend. Let’s not talk here…
Id: Are you going to trust this man again? He’ll betray you again without a thought!
Id: Think about what he did to you!


[CHOICE] = Remember that event


You calmly recalled the moment when he pointed the golden gun at your head. Boiling rage filled your chest.
Otto: I did not lie, Master Jingwei.
BANG!
The shot ended your life. Though you felt nothing in the past, the memory now inflicted searing pain in your heart.
Id: Exactly! This is the pain he caused… and it’s time to feed him his own medicine.
Super-Ego: He’s the most dangerous man on Earth. You must stop his evil schemes.
Ego: Don’t you think this is your best chance?


[CHOICE] = “Yes.”


Super-Ego: More people will die and more tragedies will follow if you don’t stop him here.
Ego: He destroyed your friend Kiana! He turned her into a monster!
Super-Ego: If it wasn’t for him, Squad Leader Himeko wouldn’t have had to give up her own life! He killed her!
Ego: He even took …. …. …. …. ….  …. …. …. …. …. from you! He thought you forgot about her… except you didn’t!
The name appeared in your mind but faded away before you could make out a single letter.
Nothing was left except for faint traces of her passing…
There was sorrow.
Super-Ego: Your memories returned. Nothing can stop you. You can make yourself… whole again.
Ego: But there’s something you must do first…
Id: KILL HIM!!!!
You walked towards Otto Apocalypse.
Otto: Hold on, old friend! I–
Your hand moved fast, jamming his words back into his mouth and twisting his smile into a confused grimace.
Otto tried to say something but your iron grip only allowed senseless whimpers to leave his face.
Otto: Hngh… urk… grrrgk…
Super-Ego: How pathetic…
Ego: He deserves it.
Id: La~ Lala~


[CHOICE] = …


You took a careful, studied aim at his comely face.
Id: DAMN RIGHT!!!!!
Your fist rained down again, and again, and again…


CG plays wherein a large portion of Schicksal HQ is shown set ablaze and in ruin, with Durandal coming face-to-face with a seemingly deceased Otto.


Theresa: …And that is all the intel I could gather.
Bronya: It’s unbelievable.
Theresa: HQ in a mess, the Air Terminal in ruins, Grandpa… Otto MIA… the worst disaster Schicksal has ever faced.
Bronya: Overseer Otto is missing and unaccounted for?
Theresa: Yes. Durandal took over and deployed 3 S-rankers. They didn’t even do that in the Battle of Schicksal.
Theresa: Something terrible must have happened 10 days ago.
Bronya: The Bronya suspects some form of a conspiracy.
Theresa: Yeah… he’s not that easy to kill. An Otto acting from the shadows is far more terrifying than the Overseer.
Bronya: Is the World Serpent behind this attack?
Theresa: That’s hard to say… but we received a piece of intel that we have yet to verify.
Theresa: The World Serpent was ambushed at almost the same time. The enemy even fought their Sire before escaping.
Bronya: …
Theresa: The situation looks bad. Do be careful out there. Is Kiana doing alright? Is she napping?
Bronya: Subject Kiana is probably meditating with the lessons that the Class Monitor taught her.
Bronya: The Idiotka has… changed. The Bronya has yet to determine the exact nature of said transformation.
Bronya: The Principal may rest assured. The Bronya will take care of the Idiotka.
Theresa: Okay. The professors and I will give you our full support.
Theresa: Do update Kiana with the news I’ve just told you… and give her my best wishes.
Bronya: …
Kiana: I heard Aunt Theresa talking on the comm channel.
Bronya: Da. The Principal sent us the latest intel regarding Schicksal and the World Serpent, but no news about Mei.
Kiana: I see…
Kiana: Ugh. Don’t tell me anything. We shouldn’t care about what happens to Schicksal or the World Serpent.
Bronya: Kiana…
Kiana: …I’m too tired to think about stuff. I just want to know what I can do…
Kiana: How far are we from Mount Taixuan, Bronya?
Bronya: Based on our current cruising velocity, we will arrive tomorrow morning.
Bronya: Are you certain we can find the Class Monitor’s belongings on that mountain?
Kiana: We can. Fu Hua told me that she lived there for a while.We’ll find her school and treasures in those mountains.
Kiana: The Edge of Taixuan must be there. It will let us control our Herrscher powers.


Kiana: We’ve arrived.
Bronya: Is this where the Class Monitor lived a while ago?
Kiana: A long time ago, actually. The people of Shenzhou called her Jingwei, Phoenix, the Celestial, or the Empyrean back then.
Kiana: Fu Hua showed me those places in her dreams… but they’re very old. They don’t look the same anymore.
Kiana: Fu Hua probably trained at a tall place in these mountains.
Bronya: Is subject Kiana going to find the quest items at this location?
Bronya: Locating a manual on special combat techniques and fighting stances sounds like an RPG quest.
Bronya: The Class Monitor left this place many years ago. Any of her treasure is very likely to have been looted.
Kiana: Maybe you’re right… but not everyone can find Fu Hua’s treasure.
Kiana’s eyes sparkled with excitement.
Bronya: Da. The treasure is…
Bronya & Kiana: …Fenghuang Down!
Bronya: There are Honkai beasts here as well.
Kiana: Yeah. I didn’t know that Honkai energy levels could be so high at Mount Taixuan.
Bronya: Perhaps the Edge of Taixuan needs high levels of Honkai energy?
Kiana: I’m not sure. It’s definitely not what she taught me.
Bronya: This mountain is more dangerous than we expected.
Kiana: It’s just Honkai beasts. I can take down any number of them.
Despite her brave words, Kiana looked around vigilantly. Something seized her attention.
Kiana: Got it.
Bronya: Hmm?
Kiana: I sensed something weak but pretty close to the vibe that I got from Fu Hua’s feathers…
Bronya: Fenghuang Down? Is subject Kiana certain?
Kiana: Yeah. I’m totally sure of this. Follow me!
Kiana: Got it.
Bronya: There was nothing at first, but the feather appeared when we got closer.
Bronya: Does subject Kiana know the means to use this item?
Kiana: Yeah. I’ll give it a shot…
Kiana closed her eyes, recited the mantra that Fu Hua taught her, and allowed the feather to enter her mind.
Kiana: …
Kiana: Uh-oh…
Bronya: What are the results?
Kiana: No… I can’t… I couldn’t get it to work.
Bronya: …
Kiana: It’s probably sealed or something. The feather repelled me upon touching my mind…
Kiana: Hmm… maybe only Fu Hua can unlock this thing.
Bronya: Subject Kiana should think about it later.
Bronya: The sudden power surge attracted a number of Honkai beasts.
Kiana: We should eliminate them first.
Kiana: Wait…


CG plays wherein a girl appears, easily dispatching the Honkai beasts Kiana and Bronya were fighting and slicing them to pieces.


Gameplay 20-2 - Origins I:
???: Are you two alright?
Kiana: Ah… oh… yeah…
Kiana was at a loss for words. The mysterious girl’s fighting stance surprised her.
Though her swings and slashes looked simple, they were an exact copy of Fu Hua’s fighting style.
Kiana: Who are you?
Lin Zhaoyu: Lin Zhaoyu, at your service. You may regard me as… the guardian of Mount Taixuan.
Lin Zhaoyu: The Essence is strong in this place and attracts many beasts, so the Immortal erected a field to keep people out.
Lin Zhaoyu: Is there a reason why you two came to this place?
Bronya: Hmm…
Kiana: We know this Immortal.
Lin Zhaoyu: Oh?
Kiana: The Immortal you referred to is Phoenix or Jingwei, right? We know her.
Kiana: In fact, we’re her friends.
Lin Zhaoyu was shocked by Kiana’s response.
Lin Zhaoyu: Friends…
She mulled over the word before giving a faint smile.
Lin Zhaoyu: Follow me, then.
Kiana: You swing your sword like Fu Hua… I mean, Master Phoenix!
Lin Zhaoyu: Yes. I used her Blade Form opening stance named Ocean Breaker.
Lin Zhaoyu: Are you not friends of the Immortal Phoenix? She is the Master of the School of Taixuan.
Kiana: Erm… yeah, Fu Hua did mention that before. But I thought that was hundreds of years ago.
Lin Zhaoyu: The School of Taixuan has a fabled history and is still pretty much alive. However, martial arts became less popular and we chose not to - (text cut-off)
Lin Zhaoyu: The disciples of Taixuan also prefer purging monsters instead of glorious pursuits. You’ll not hear much about us.
Bronya: Is Master Lin a disciple of the School of Taixuan?
Lin Zhaoyu: Indeed.
Lin Zhaoyu: The ties between me and the school go back for… quite a few years.
Kiana: Can you teach me?
Lin Zhaoyu: Teach you?
Kiana: Yeah. The Immortal tried teaching me the Edge of Taixuan but she quickly left. The lessons were quite messy, too.
Kiana: I came to Mount Taixuan to learn the complete version and control the power within me.
Lin Zhaoyu: …
Lin Zhaoyu thought for a while.
Lin Zhaoyu: Hmm. Perhaps if you trust me enough and share your stories with me.
Lin Zhaoyu: Interesting… I didn’t expect Master Phoenix to have such a past…
Lin Zhaoyu: …And I didn’t expect you to be a Herrscher.
Kiana: …
Lin Zhaoyu: I’m afraid my lessons won’t do much. Master should have told you of the 5 Essences: Mantra, Form, Sanction, Ascension, and Eminence.
Lin Zhaoyu: You learned Eminence because you’re perfect for it. Sanction and Ascension will do little. But I can teach you Form.
Lin Zhaoyu: Perhaps the Tenets of Taixuan might work? But it only improves your fighting skills and won’t cure your condition.
Lin Zhaoyu: What you need is the Blade Mantra.
Kiana: Have you learned the Blade Mantra before?
Lin Zhaoyu finally gave a sigh after a moment of silence.
Lin Zhaoyu: I did. But we all gave an oath… that we’d never teach the Mantra to anyone else.
Lin Zhaoyu: Apologies. I cannot violate my oath.
Bronya: Is there an alternative solution?
Lin Zhaoyu: Maybe there is… for you two.
Lin Zhaoyu: I noticed during that fight that you have a feather. Is it yours?
Kiana: No… we found it on Mount Taixuan.
Bronya: We used to own feathers, but lost them…
Lin Zhaoyu: Sigh…
Lin Zhaoyu extended her hand. Kiana hesitated for a while, but finally decided to hand over the feather.
Lin Zhaoyu: Can you enter its realm?
Kiana and Bronya looked at each other before shaking their heads.
Kiana: I was expelled once I made contact with the feather’s mind…
Lin Zhaoyu: I see.
Lin Zhaoyu: This feather seems largely intact. Master placed a spell on it. Perhaps only the Mantra can unlock this…
Lin Zhaoyu: Can I really do this…?
Lin Zhaoyu murmured as she closed her eyes. Kiana was surprised to see the feather giving off a brilliant glow.
Lin Zhaoyu: Come.
Lin Zhaoyu pushed the feather into Kiana’s embrace. The glow became a blinding flash.
Lin’s voice grew faint as Kiana found herself engulfed by the light.
The girl opened her eyes while it was still dark.
She always woke around this time.
The blanket kept her warm. She laid silently in bed…
And stared at the ceiling, as though she was expecting…
…Something to materialise in the darkness.
But nothing happened. She gave up on fantasizing.
The girl changed into her new uniform. She only wore it once during fitting and had not tried it on again.
Little Girl: Maybe I should be wearing this on my first day of school…
Little Girl: Sigh. Whatever. I’ll get used to it eventually.
Little Girl: Time for my daily training. Let’s start with a 1000 meter run.
Old Man: Morning, Hua. New clothes?! What happened to your dojo outfit?
Little Girl: Morning, Uncle Ji. I’m going to the hospital after training and to the airport afterwards. I’ve no time to change.
Old Man: Seems like a busy schedule. Go on, girl. Don’t let me keep you.
Man: Hua? Why are you still here? Aren’t you going to Sapphire or something?
Little Girl: Yeah. Today. I have a flight at eight.
Man: And you’re not in a rush? You’re a true warrior. HEY! HAH! Training every day!
Little Girl: Haha.
Man: Visiting your Dad after this? Aight… don’t let me keep you. I guess I’ll see you again during the holidays.
Woman: Hua! Do you want the dumplings and soy milk?
Little Girl: No thanks. I’m heading to the hospital after this. I won’t be back.
Woman: Alright. Sigh… You’ll definitely do well in your classes. I’m just worried you might get bullied when you’re all alone out there.
Little Girl: I won’t let anyone bully me.
Woman: So true. I guess no one can bully a dojo master’s daughter.
Man: Hey, Hua! Hua!!
Man: Why are you still jogging? Isn’t today your first day at school? People won’t like it if you’re absent on the first day.
Little Girl: Yeah…
Man: Worried about your old man? No worries. Your Dad watched out for us for many years. You can count on us.
Man: Anyway, a rich dude came over to buy your family dojo and build a restaurant. It’s big money.
Little Girl: What? I… I didn’t know about this.
Man: Your Dad didn’t mention it? Maybe it didn’t work out. No one does kung fu anyway. You should get a degree.
Man: Do you really want that dojo? Are you sure you want to be a martial arts master?
Little Girl: I… I don’t think that’s a bad idea…
Man: Hah. You’re being too nice to your old man. You should really think about yourself.
Man: Visiting your Dad after this?
Little Girl: Yeah.
Man: Great. Your Dad only had a scratch. We’ll take care of him. Just go to school and earn that degree!
Little Girl: Thank you, Sa.
Little Girl: Ugh… I should hurry up. There’s not much time left.
Little Girl: I… I’m going to a foreign city… on my own…
Little Girl: I’ll just perform a few simple training routines. There isn’t much time left…
Little Girl: No. I must strive for perfection.
Little Girl: I should have done better…
Little Girl: Time to head to the hospital…
The girl entered the ward quietly and was not surprised to see her father awake.
He had been an early waker for nearly his entire life. A few weeks in the ward would not break this habit.
Father: Don’t you have school? You shouldn’t be visiting me today.
Despite those words, her father’s face was beaming.
Father: I thought you left yesterday… can you still make it?
Little Girl: Yes, I can.
Father: Good. Come, let me have a better look at you. I’ll only see you again after 6 months.
He pushed himself up and smiled as he studied his daughter.
Father: Take care of yourself out there. Your old man can still pay for your tuition, so just focus on school.
Father: And… avoid training. Don’t scare your classmates. Times have changed, Hua. I don’t even want to tell people that I run a dojo.
Father: Get a real job, start a business, or enter politics! Forget about the dojo. There’s no future in that.
Little Girl: …
Father: I’m not worried about you, Hua. You’re a good girl. Do take care of yourself.
Father: And… try to make some friends. I’m always worried about that.
Little Girl: I will.
Father: Good.
Her father raised his head and looked at the clock as the sun shone through the window.
Father: It’s getting lates. You should be heading to the airport. Did you bring your documents? How about your things?
Little Girl: I brought them along, and I already mailed my personal belongings over.
Father: Good, good. Just go, and take good care of yourself.
Little Girl: Yeah… I’m leaving, Dad.
Father: Don’t worry, I’ll be discharged soon enough. Have fun with your friends. And don’t visit unless you must.
Little Girl: Alright.
She left the hospital.
Little Girl: …
Little Girl: (I’m going to a foreign city on my own…)
While sunlight shone weakly through the concrete jungle, she felt she would not be making any friends at all.
Kiana: Are these… Fu Hua’s memories?
Bronya: It was all very unfamiliar to the Bronya.
Kiana: Being immersed in this memory felt so confusing… and frightful… and it was like…
Kiana: Like being a butterfly in a storm not knowing what would happen next… Was that girl really Fu Hua?
Kiana: Fu Hua was always… so strong and reliable. She makes people feel safe. But that girl…
Bronya: Perhaps the Class Monitor was like that before enrolling in St. Freya.
Kiana: No. Fu Hua had lived a long time before coming to St. Freya… but the time doesn’t match…
Kiana: Ugh… this is so confusing… she looks just like Fu Hua… but I’ve never seen her behave like that.
Lin Zhaoyu: That is indeed the Immortal Phoenix.
Kiana: Huh…?
Lin Zhaoyu: You just witnessed a “Xinyin” mind seal of the Immortal Phoenix, the one and only true Celestial Empyrean.
Bronya: Xinyin? Mind seal?
Lin Zhaoyu: Being immortal, Master Phoenix’s memories are vast oceans that constantly erode her sentient mind.
Lin Zhaoyu: The Immortal had to filter her memories to stem the ever rising tide and maintain a clean state of mind…
Lin Zhaoyu: …And the memories she excised were kept in these Xinyin mind seals.
Lin Zhaoyu: How was it? Did you find what you wanted?
Kiana: No…
Lin Zhaoyu: Don’t be disappointed.
Lin Zhaoyu: The Immortal lived in this mountain for many years. You’ll find thousands of mind seals.
Lin Zhaoyu: I am sure they hold the answers you seek.
Bronya: Let us hope so…
Lin Zhaoyu: I shall rest here. Talk to me if you find any more sealed feathers and I’ll unlock them for you.
Lin Zhaoyu: Since so many years have passed, a few seals may be faded or broken apart. You’ll be able to read those directly.
Kiana: Why are you helping us?
Lin Zhaoyu: Hmm? Do you feel uncomfortable receiving help?
Lin Zhaoyu smiled sadly.
Lin Zhaoyu: Then don’t treat it as help. Treat it as… the duty of a disciple of the School of Taixuan.
And with that, Lin closed her eyes and said nothing more.


Gameplay 20-3 - Origins II:
Kiana: Do you believe her?
Bronya: The Bronya is uncertain. But the Bronya felt the presence of the Class Monitor in that feather.
Bronya: The Bronya feels that the feather is alive and is attempting to tell us something.
Kiana: Yeah…
Kiana: …
Kiana: I thought Fu Hua would talk to us in the feather like she always did before…
Bronya: The Bronya thought the same…
Kiana: Instead, we got nothing but a piece of memory…
Bronya: Subject Kiana should not be disappointed. The lady said that the Class Monitor left multiple feathers in this mountain.
Kiana: Yeah. Fu Hua told me the same thing as well.
Bronya: We shall locate and gather more feathers.
Kiana: Is this one… sealed?
Bronya: Attempt interaction to find out.
Kiana: Okay. Then I’ll…
Hua: Ah…
Hua: I… woke up…
One week into school and the girl still could not change her early waking habit.
As a resident of the student dorms, a morning jog was no longer possible.
Hua: (...I’ll just go back to sleep.)
—7:30 AM.
Tired, yawning students walked out of the dorms as the morning bell rang.
They walked along the cobblestone road to the school gates in pairs or small groups.
Yet Hua was alone, a misfit in the huge crowd of students heading to class.
Energetic Student: KIRA-CHAN!! More news! The zombies of Sapphire have struck again!
Timid Student: KYAAAA! I DON’T WANT TO LISTEN TO THIS! KYAAAA!
Energetic Student: I heard that the victim this time came from our school.
Hua: (Wait… zombie attacks? Our school?)
Hua: (Zombies… Dad was attacked by a strange person looking like one.)
Hua: (I’m curious about that… who said it?)
Girl With Glasses: Are you skipping class again? Look, I’m not writing down your name in the attendance book this time.
Eye-Wandering Girl: You only attended that class once last week. The instructor will find out eventually.
Mean-Looking Girl: …I’ve already lost interest. I feel like a zombie in that class.
Hua: (Wait… someone said zombie…)
Girl With Glasses: Since when were you ever alive when it comes to learning anyway?
Hua: Erm, excuse me… were you talking about zombies?
Eye-Wandering Girl: Who the hell are you?
Mean-Looking Girl: That’s so rude! You can’t just barge into a private conversation like that.
Hua: I… I’m sorry.
Mean-Looking Student: What a weirdo.
Girl With Glasses: That’s the news from 2 days ago, right?
Mean-Looking Girl: News? Do I look like the news to you? Am I a TV?
Girl: What’s wrong with you? I thought your favorite Mr. Yang is teaching today?
Girl: When is his course?
Anxious Girl: Finish eating already! I don’t wanna sit in the front row again!
Gulping Girl: MMPH… just… nom… wait for me…
Hua: Excuse me…
Anxious Girl: Hmm? What is it?
Hua: Ah, no… it’s fine. Sorry.
Hua: (I can’t bring myself to ask anything… and I don’t think it’s them.)
Anxious Student: What a weirdo.
Gulping Student: Mmmph… Nom… what did you… nyam… say?
Energetic Girl: …Isn’t it exciting?
Powerless Girl: Exciting? Geez. Stop watching horror movies. It will be your fault if you scare Kira too badly.
Energetic Girl: Scare her? That’s the least of my concerns. Don’t you understand, the thing is…
Hua: (That must be the girl!)
Energetic Girl: The concrete jungle is actually home to many demonic entities!
Energetic Girl: Vampires, zombies, and monsters! They’re all real! We even heard about them in the news!
Powerless Girl: They probably came up with that garbage to boost their viewership. Zombies simply don’t exist.
Powerless Girl: Come on, we should be heading to class.
Energetic Girl: Oh, wait. Wanna join me for an after-school adventure?
Hua: …
Powerless Girl: …Hey, that girl in the uniform has been staring at you. Do you know her?
Energetic Girl: Wha…? No, not really.
Energetic Girl: Pfft. She has no sense of fashion.
Powerless Girl: Hey, quiet! She can probably hear us.
Hua: …
Hua: (I… I’ll just head to class.)
Kiana: Hmm… the confusion and fear of trying to fit into a new environment, but she was afraid of change.
Bronya: She approached other individuals on multiple occasions to add them as friends…
Kiana: But nobody responded… I know how that feels. Alone and friendless, she had to do everything on her own…
Kiana: And she remained alone till this very day…
Bronya: Kiana…
Bronya: …Why did the Class Monitor leave these feathers? These feathers are very sad memories.
Kiana: And they’re memories that we knew nothing about. It would seem…
Kiana: …That the feathers want us to know more about Fu Hua.


Gameplay 20-4 - Final War I:
Kiana: I didn’t expect Fu Hua to have experienced all that in her life before…
Bronya: The experiences may be authentic, but the Bronya was not expecting such contents…
Bronya: The Class Monitor was probably not born this way…
Kiana: But somehow, I just felt that she would be… more like the Class Monitor of St. Freya.
The two suddenly grew silent.
Kiana: Fu Hua was ordered to be around us during that time, right?
Kiana: Was that her true self?
Bronya: …
Bronya: Kiana Idiotka should ask her directly once she returns.
Kiana: Hmm… No. This feather is sealed!
Bronya: Shall we approach that lady for help?
Bronya: In the Bronya’s very humble opinion, Bronya is a little worried about her…
Kiana: She appeared at just the right time… and with just the right information we need.
Bronya: Subject Kiana has gained vigilance.
Kiana: Huh…
Kiana: But… am I being too distrustful of other people?
Kiana: She hasn’t shown any bad intentions so far, though.
Bronya: The Bronya believes in trusting nice people. Think of her as a nice person. Trust makes you happy.
Kiana: But what if she wants to harm me?
Bronya: Then do not trust her with anything at all.
Kiana: …
Kiana: We should head back… at least I want to think of her as a nice person.
Lin Zhaoyu: You have returned.
Kiana: We found a few more feathers. This one is sealed, though.
Kiana handed Lin Zhaoyu the feather.
Lin Zhaoyu: You astound me.
Bronya: Really?
Lin Zhaoyu: For thousands of years, countless people came to Mount Taixuan but none found the feathers.
Lin Zhaoyu: Yet these feathers revealed themselves once you arrived.
Lin Zhaoyu: Have they sensed something?
Kiana: …
Lin Zhaoyu: Apologies. Pay no heed to my words.
Lin Zhaoyu held the feather and pushed it towards Kiana.
—MOTH Base.
The two walked alongside each other in the corridor.
Kevin: You did well in the battle against the 11th Herrscher.
Hua: Thank you.
Kevin: Did you know that MEI is transferring you to the Far East?
Hua: I don’t know and I don’t care.
Kevin: We have no choice. The frequency of Herrscher incidents is rising and our forces are severely depleted.
Kevin: Strategy demands our presence in different cities. The MANTIS force will be disbanded.
Kevin: It’s Dr. MEI’s decision. I hope you understand, Hua.
Hua: I will obey.
Kevin: Hua…
Hua: I don’t care if I get to stay or get sent to the Far East or Salt Lake. The Honkai will come and we will fight it.
Hua: Our presence in those cities will reduce the losses of our conventional forces.
Kevin: You’re still angry.
Hua: I am.
Kevin: …
Hua: Why do you want me to understand MEI? Do my opinions matter? Will she change her plans for me?
Hua: She won’t. Did Dr. MEI try to understand the Captain? She didn’t even though the Captain was your friend and saved my life…
Hua: The Captain still recognised me and talked with her human voice. She was no Herrscher but you killed her anyway.
Kevin: She became a Herrscher, Hua. You know that. I had no choice.
Hua: I know. Dr. MEI’s orders. I’ll obey, but I won’t try to understand her. But that decision should have been mine.
Hua: Kevin, don’t tie yourself to MEI. Don’t ask me to understand her. She doesn’t need my understanding.
Hua: She should talk to the soldiers killed by her ICHOR mods or wielding the 10th Keys…
Hua: …She should see if they would understand her.
Kevin: …
The walk continued in silence. He did not know what to say, and she felt that she had said too much.
Kevin: I will stay at the central base.
Hua: Of course you will.
Kevin: …
Kevin: This isn’t for her, Hua. I need to have your understanding. We’re comrades and we need a common vision.
Kevin: There are only three cities left and our civilisation faces annihilation, yet the Honkai attacks only grow worse.
Kevin: The 12th came into being shortly after the death of the 11th. She may be in our custody, but no one knows what’s next.
Kevin: We MANTISes must keep fighting. We cannot afford to fail. We must win this war at any cost.
Kevin: Hua, I need you to truly understand us. The fate of humanity rests upon our shoulders…
The two arrived at an intersection. Kevin nodded at Hua.
Kevin: I am heading this way to meet up with SAKURA. Take care…
Hua: Take care.
Hua saw Kevin disappearing into the opposite end of the corridor and shook her head.
The alarm sounded thrice for the most dangerous threat - a Herrscher.
Hua: …Fine.
Hua: I will obey.
Bronya: This Kevin… he must be the Kevin Kaslana of the World Serpent.
Kiana: Yeah. Fu Hua said they knew each other.
Bronya: The key phrases mentioned include the 11th Herrscher… the 10th Divine Keys… MANTIS…
Bronya: If this memory is real… then the memory segment must have taken place during the Previous Era…
Kiana: So… Fu Hua wasn’t just the Guardian of Shenzhou. Was she already fighting the Honkai in the Previous Era?
Kiana: Why didn’t she tell us this? Why is she always doing things on her own?
Bronya: Subject Kiana should be aware of another possible explanation.
Bronya: Maybe the Class Monitor has forgotten these memories herself.


Gameplay 20-5 - EMBER I:
Lin Zhaoyu: What did you see?
Kiana: The life of Master Phoenix from a really, really long time ago.
Lin Zhaou: A really, really long time ago…
Lin Zhaoyu softly repeated the words.
Lin Zhaoyu: What was she like? Was she living in Shenzhou? What was she wearing?
Kiana: I’m not really sure. I just know that she was a soldier fighting in a war…
Lin Zhaoyu: A war… against the “Honkai”?
Bronya: You know about the Honkai?
Lin Zhaoyu: It’s nothing to be surprised about. After all, it’s just a word.
Lin Zhaoyu gave a bitter smile.
Lin Zhaoyu: In Shenzhou, we call it “Zhenqi” Essence or the “Yaoqi” Corruption. Our school has one rule: No mercy for the corrupted.
Lin Zhaoyu: …A simple rule that led to so many tragedies.
Lin Zhaoyu: Sometimes, I wonder why Master Phoenix would establish such a rule. I can only try to imagine what she must have been through…
Lin Zhaoyu: Yet it seems I’ll never find out…
Lin Zhaoyu: Apologies. My dull soliloquy must have wasted much of your time.
Bronya: Kiana, what Master Lin just said…
Kiana: “No mercy for the corrupted”... she seemed to be very affected by it.
Kiana: Fu Hua probably established that rule. If those memories were true, Fu Hua should really hate the Honkai.
Kiana projected her mind into the warm glow…
???: Hey…
???: Wake up! Come on! Wake up!
The voice cried out desperately.
Fu Hua: Ugh…
Fu Hua: Did I… pass out?
Fuxi: You did.
Nuwa: And for the third time this month!
Nuwa: Don’t push yourself too hard, Phoenix!
Fu Hua: I’m sorry. I just felt a little tired.
Fuxi: Do you have a headache?
Fu Hua: Hmm?
Fuxi: Headache. Does your head hurt?
Fu Hua: Sometimes.
Nuwa: Ugh. You need more sleep.
Fu Hua: MANTISes don’t need that much sleep.
Nuwa: Nonsense! You’re human and you need sleep. Healthy are those who rest their mind and body well.
Fu Hua: Fine. I promise to get some decent sleep every night.
Nuwa: Great. Now go ahead and destroy these beasts so we can go home after this.
Fu Hua: Uhh…
Fu Hua: Hngh… Another headache…
Fu Hua: Hngh…
Fuxi: …
Fuxi: Is it hurting again? How does it feel?
Fu Hua: It feels like a massive swelling… a sudden, painful flood of memories that disappears just as quickly.
Fu Hua: Sigh… the headache is getting more frequent as well.
Fuxi: Phoenix…
Fuxi: You’re… not like us. The regenerative powers of your Meta-Morph ICHOR will first keep your brain cells alive.
Fuxi: Mortals will die, but you will live on forever.
Fuxi: And that means you will retain all your memories. Forgetting them would become an impossible dream.
Fuxi: A fleeting moment for us will be a permanent memory growing within you that eventually fills up your mind.
Fuxi: You’re tasked to keep an everlasting vigil. The headaches are signs that your brain is fighting against this.
Fuxi: And that is why Dr. MEI gave you Fenghuang Down.
Fu Hua: I know…
Fuxi: Sigh… don’t be so stubborn.
Fu Hua: I’ll live with it for a while… just let me hold on to them…
Fuxi: Use Fenghuang Down to erase useless memories. If you miss them, you can temporarily store them in the Divine Key…
Fuxi: If you won’t use the Key, you can… approach that MANTIS for a simple mental adjustment…
Fuxi: In any case, you should decide quickly, for your sake. Living with this condition will only make it worse.
Fu Hua: …
Nuwa: HEY! Quit chatting already! There’s a huge beast coming for us!
Nuwa: That thing was HUUUGE. I should come up with a name for it.
Fuxi: Ambient Honkai energy levels in this area dropped after it was defeated.
Nuwa: Great. So this turned out to just be an occasional anomaly…
Nuwa: …A true Honkai event has yet to occur.
Nuwa: That means we still have plenty of time for Project EMBER, right? Hey, why are you two looking so sad?
Nuwa: It’s time to head back to Mount Taixuan.
Fu Hua: …
Fuxi: …
Fu Hua: Fuxi, you asked why I didn’t do anything about my memories before.
Fu Hua: I guess I was being selfish.
Fuxi: …
Fu Hua: I was just an ordinary girl before the ICHOR mods, but I still remember that life…
Fu Hua: I came from the slums of a metropolis. I was neither a metropolitan or a villager. I didn’t know where I belonged.
Fu Hua: Life for me was just to get into college, find a job… or head back to the slums and run my father’s dojo.
Fu Hua: I was just a scared little girl. I had nothing to do with the world’s fate or humanity’s survival.
Fu Hua: Then tens of thousands of years passed in the blink of an eye… and I’m here… in this form.
Fu Hua: That little girl remained in my heart. Whenever I rested, I would see her looking helplessly at me…
Fu Hua: What exactly happened in all those years? What bound us together? What changed her into who I am?
Fu Hua: She and I were the same person, two points on a single, continuous line of the myriads of “me” of every single moment.
Fu Hua: And each one of “me” has left behind a memory.
Fu Hua: My life will fall apart if I give up those memories. I’ll no longer know who I was. If I see her again…
Fu Hua: That frightened, confused little girl in her awkward uniform, I won’t know how she became who I am…
Fu Hua: …And I won’t know what kept me going till this very day.
Fuxi: But…
Fu Hua: I will, Fuxi. I will. Just let me hold on to these memories for a while.
That night…
Fu Hua: (I can’t sleep… but I promised Nuwa I’d try to get some…)
Fu Hua: …
Fu Hua: (Hmm? I think I heard someone talking…)
Nuwa: …Was that how she felt?
Fuxi: Yeah.
Nuwa: Sigh… things are happening just as Dr. MEI expected them to.
Nuwa: It’s obvious that Hua is developing identity disorders and rejecting memory rearrangements.
Fuxi: …Should we initiate the next phase?
Nuwa: What do you think, Fuxi?
Fu Hua: (Next phase? What is the next phase?)
Fuxi: I don’t want to do that.
Nuwa: Why?
Fuxi: I’m no hero. I was simply following Dr. MEI’s orders when entering the cryopods and guiding Phoenix along.
Fuxi: I don’t like MEI and I don’t like this mission. I’m just doing the things I’ve been told to.
Fuxi: …But I like Hua.
Nuwa: Yeah… and I happen to… agree with you as well.
Nuwa: I’d rather see Phoenix living her life instead of carrying out MEI’s projects for restoring human civilisation.
Nuwa: She shouldn’t be MEI’s tool for defending humanity or fighting the Honkai. I refuse to see Phoenix turning into that.
Fuxi: We can only delay the inevitable.
Nuwa: And that will be enough. Fuxi.
Nuwa: We will die, but not her. She will meet others who know nothing of MEI’s projects. They will be her true friends.
Nuwa: Our stories will end, and her story will begin.


Gameplay EX-1 - Hope:
The room was small but clean. Hua sat by her bed and stared out through the window.
Days passed since monsters attacked Sapphire. Hua saw no one after being given this room. Drones delivered her meals.
Sometimes she thought about the possibility of humanity going extinct.
Lady: Yo.
It was a woman’s voice. The door opened and the lady who saved her at Sapphire walked in.
Hua: Hi…
Lady: Let’s skip pleasantries. How are you feeling?
Hua shook her head. She had so many questions but did not know how to ask them.
Hua: Excuse me… what is it like outside?
Lady: Outside? You mean… Sapphire? You’re not in Sapphire. This is our base. Don’t worry. It’s very safe here.
Lady: You’ll have time to talk later.I want you to listen to me first, but I warn you: I don’t waste time on crybabies.
Lady: What you’re about to hear is news so terrifying that you’d wish it was a bad dream… but it’s all real.
Lady: Now tell me when you think you’re ready to hear it.
The lady did not sound very serious, yet her words reflected the gravity of this matter. Hua nodded.
Lady: Ugh…
The lady gave a long sigh.
Lady: Sapphire is gone. The disaster took out nearly the entire city. We saved a few survivors like you and housed them here.
Lady: I saved you so you’re in my care. I’m here to check if you’re mentally sound enough to be discharged.
Lady: You’ll be shipped to Australia first. You can then apply for a place to go. Don’t worry, we’ll pay for the trip.
Lady: But your options are quite limited. The disaster struck quite a few places and we’ve yet to contain the incident.
Lady: This will be a long battle… but you should not be concerned with the war.
Hua was still shocked by the turn of events.
Hua: Sapphire… gone?
Lady: Yes.
Hua: The school…
The lady shook her head.
Lady: Still thinking about school? Leave it behind and get as far away from Sapphire as you can.
Lady: Heed my advice. Life can suddenly deal a terrible hand. The best way is to forget. Where are you from?
Hua mumbled the name of a place.
Lady: Well…
Lady: I’m sorry. Most of East Asia has been hit by the disaster. There are… no survivors from that place.
The lady said nothing more. She looked at Hua with sympathy.
Lady: I know it’s hard to accept this… I’ll leave you alone for a while and come back tonight.
Hua: …
Hua: What… really happened?
Lady: An accident? A disaster? How about a meteor? None of those will fool you. You saw everything that day.
Lady: Just come up with a story that you can believe in. You’re still young. Don’t give yourself bad dreams every night.
Hua: I want the truth.
Lady: Why?
Hua was silent. Why did she ignore the sirens at the airport and run back to the city? Who was she trying to save?
It was a blur. She would have died if she stayed in the airport and would not have to live with the tragedy.
Hua found herself caught in a daze of existential crisis. Nothing felt certain, not even her own existence.
Hua: I want to know what I can do…
Lady: Sigh… don’t worry, you’ll have a lifetime to figure that out.
Hua: I need an answer right now. I want to spend a lifetime doing things instead of figuring them out.
The lady looked at Fu Hua.
Lady: I had this conversation with many people and they all wanted “hope”. After all, their lives were brutally destroyed.
Lady: They can’t imagine a life without hope or even find the urge to live on.
Lady: But I can’t afford to give everyone hope. I can only give you a spark. You’ll have to ignite it yourself.
Lady: Give me your answer tonight. You will have the truth, but you’ll have to carry this burden for the rest of your life.
The lady looked into Hua’s eyes.
Lady: I once had this talk and faced the very same choice, girl.
Lady: So make sure you think about it carefully.
Hua: …
The silence felt so long that the lady turned around to leave. Hua decided to cut it short.
Hua: Give me the truth.
Lady: Sigh…
The lady sighed but smiled, and Hua knew she had her approval.
Lady: Come. We have a place for you.


Gameplay 20-6 - Interlude:
Bronya: Kiana… Kiana!
Kiana: Hngh… wha… I…
Kiana: What happened, Bronya? Where am I?
Bronya: You are currently located at Mount Taixuan.
Kiana: Oh, right… of course…
Kiana: So… what happened to me?
Bronya: You passed out and failed to respond to loud verbal cues.
Bronya: This is an anomaly. We must ask her about this.
Bronya: Are you alright, Kiana?
Kiana: Yeah, I’m fine. I feel okay.
Lin Zhaoyu: She had an episode of “wangwo” where she forgot her own identity.
Bronya: “Wangwo”?
Lin Zhaoyu: It happened before. A girl was once enticed by a mind seal, lost her identity, and thought she became an Empyrean.
Lin Zhaoyu: Those who are weak of mind, dissatisfied with their lives, or prone to fantasising are vulnerable to this state.
Lin Zhaoyu: Strange, you do not exhibit those vices. It seems Master Phoenix really didn’t teach you the Blade Mantra SWARA.
Kiana: She said I was a little too old to learn the Blade Mantra…
Bronya: Master Lin, what is the Blade Mantra?
Lin Zhaoyu: Warriors believe the Blade Mantra is a state of mind. Only a few disciples of Taixuan knew its true component - the SWARA.
Lin Zhaoyu: The SWARA is a vocalised mantra with 462 syllables that has never been written down.
Kiana: Will that teach me how to control my powers?
Lin Zhaoyu: Perhaps.
Lin Zhaoyu: Only Master Phoenix knew what the Blade SWARA meant. To us, it is only a strange chant that carries no meaning.
Lin Zhaoyu: Yet the mere act of reciting it in your heart activates the effects of the SWARA.
Lin Zhaoyu: It forges, hardens, and strengthens your body into a “conduit” and your mind into a “reservoir”.
Bronya: The Blade SWARA appears to be a form of subliminal or hypnotic device.
Kiana: And it appears that this Blade Mantra can only be mastered through years of hard work…
Kiana: But why won’t Fu Hua teach me?
Bronya: The Class Monitor probably… has her own ideas.
Lin Zhaoyu: You’re tired. That’s why you forgot your identity. You should rest for the day and continue tomorrow.
Kiana: Can you tell me about Master Phoenix?
Lin Zhaoyu: Master Phoenix’s story should be famous enough. Since you’re her friend, you should hear it from her.
Kiana: But… there are so many things that she didn’t want to tell me.
Lin Zhaoyu: And if a friend refuses to tell you something, why would you want to find out about it from other people?
Kiana: Yeah… I think I get what you mean.
Lin Zhaoyu: …
Lin Zhaoyu: But I can tell you a story.
Lin Zhaoyu ignored Kiana’s surprised look and started telling her own tale.
Lin Zhaoyu: Five hundred years ago, Master Phoenix took in seven disciples.
Lin Zhaoyu: With the exception of the youngest, six of these disciples had parents who became corrupted.
Lin Zhaoyu: Despite having killed their parents, Master Phoenix taught these orphans the art of combat.
Lin Zhaoyu: Do you think this is a story of love and family? No, it’s not…
Lin Zhaoyu gave a smile that betrayed only the sadness within her heart.
Lin Zhaoyu: And then these seven disciples banded together and murdered their master.
Kiana: What?! Why?!
Lin Zhaoyu: …
Lin Zhaoyu: It was midnight.
Lin Zhaoyu: Master returned. Instead of the 1st disciple, it was Qin Suyi, the 7th, who greeted her. Yet she suspected nothing.
Lin Zhaoyu: The two walked up the mountain. Qin almost told her what the rest had planned… almost.
Lin Zhaoyu: But the 2nd disciple, Su Mei, appeared at exactly the right moment as she always did. The 7th stayed silent.
Lin Zhaoyu: The three walked up to Fog Mount Temple. The Phoenix realised that all her disciples were present.
Lin Zhaoyu: Bellspike of the 3rd created silence. Redsword of the 6th stole the light. Su Mei planned to trap the Phoenix.
Lin Zhaoyu: But the 1st disciple was a fool. Instead of seizing the initiative, she squandered it on a few words.
Lin Zhaoyu: Those few words gave the Phoenix the time she needed.
Lin Zhaoyu: The Immortal can regenerate any wound. Her head was the only weakness. The tide turned against the disciples.
Lin Zhaoyu: The 5th, the best of the seven and the only one who attained Eminence, dealt the final blow that pierced her forehead.
Lin Zhaoyu: At that very instant, the Phoenix lost her regenerative powers and all 6 blades struck true.
Lin Zhaoyu: And thus fell the invincible Celestial Empyrean, the Immortal Phoenix.
Having told her tale, Lin Zhaoyu finally turned around to look at Kiana.
Kiana: But… Fu Hua… the Phoenix still lives.
Lin Zhaoyu: Yes. She’s immortal. She woke 20 years later and found her disciples… I haven’t told you the ending yet.
Lin Zhaoyu: Is it a tale of karma? Or retribution? The actors in my tale didn’t know. But…
Lin Zhaoyu: …It doesn’t matter anymore. It is only… a story.
Lin Zhaoyu: You’re tired. You should rest.
Bronya: Subject Kiana should rest right now.


[CHOICE] = Rest.


Kiana: Yeah. Let’s look around tomorrow.
The night passed.












Act 2 - M:
Gameplay 20-7 - Origins III:
Bronya: Good morning.
Kiana: Good morning.
Lin Zhaoyu: No need for pleasantries. Go and do what you must do.
Lin Zhaoyu: This… is for you.
Lin Zhaoyu extended her hand. Two feathers hovered above her clean, pale palm.
Lin Zhaoyu: I found them while you were resting.
Kiana: Whoah…
Kiana: Thanks a lot!
Lin Zhaoyu: You’re welcome.
The feather gave off a bright glow…
Hua: …
Hua: …
Hua: Good morning, me.
—7:30.
Hua: (Today’s schedule… two sessions of math? Physics, art, grammar, and PE…)
Hua: (I don’t like PE…)
Her excellent performance in PE classes attracted a great deal of attention.
Yet Hua felt that her classmates were talking bad about her when they whispered to each other while looking on.
—12:00 noon.
Hua: (Recess time.)
Noisy students rushed out of the classroom and made for the canteen.
Hua, however, slowly packed her stationery and thought about lunch.
Hua: Hngh…
Hua: …I miss having noodles.
—13:30.
Hua sat on a bench in the school plaza.
Hua: I think I feel a little hungry now…
Hua avoided the crowd when having her meals. Her generous appetite also attracted attention.
She tried having normal-sized meals, but her stomach soon protested loudly against her choice.
Female Student A: So where should we head off to after school?
Hua heard a few girls talking.
Female Student B: Ugh, just leave me alone. I need sleep.
Female Student A: Just sleep tomorrow! This is the only day of the week where we’re free to head outside. I know this great place…
The chatting girls eventually walked away.
Hua: I guess I can head downtown after school…
Hua: It’s decided. I shall have noodles.
—14:30.
—15:30.
—16:30.
—18:00.
Hua: (Alright! Let’s go!)
Hua: The noodles were great.
Hua: I can have more… If I save a little. Once a month? No… let’s make it twice a month.
???: KYA!
Hua: Hmm?
Energetic Student: KYAAA! Don’t come any closer! NOOOOO!
Hua: (Someone needs help…)
Hua: Time to get out of here!
Energetic Student: Huh? Kyaaa… kyaa…


CG plays wherein Fu Hua pulls the girl from her assailants.


Energetic Student: HUFF… Slow… slow down… HUFF…
Energetic Student: I don’t think I can run anymore…
Hua: Huff… huff… huff…
Hua: I think… we got away…
Energetic Student: Ugh…
The girl gave a relieved sigh.
Energetic Student: Thanks for saving my life…
Energetic Student: What the hell was that?! A real zombie? I thought it was just a cheap tabloid story!
Hua: No idea, but it’s dangerous. You should avoid dark alleys at night.
Energetic Student: Fine… look, I’m sorry I got you into this mess… wait… are you wearing the uniform for my school?
Energetic Student: And you look… familiar…
Hua: I’m a freshman from class 3…
Energetic Student: Oh. I’m from class 5… so I didn’t know you. But that’s alright! We know each other now!
Hua: Erm… it’s late. I’m heading back to school. You should do that as well.
Energetic Student: Wha… we should head back together. This place is giving me the creeps!
The girl suddenly held on to Hua’s arm and sent her into a silent shock.
Energetic Student: If it weren’t for you, I’d definitely be dead…
…
Energetic Student: And you’re so super awesome! Did you just do some of that legendary kung fu thing?
…
Energetic Student: You jumped like… so many meters into the air! That’s like… crazy awesome stuff!
…
Energetic Student: Oh, right, I don’t even know your name!
…
Energetic Student: HEY! Can you at least say something?
Kiana: Those zombies… are the same zombies we’re fighting now, right?
Bronya: That’s very likely. Perhaps a Honkai Eruption was about to happen at that time.
Kiana: Yeah…
Kiana: But wasn’t Fu Hua just an ordinary girl? Even then, she could take on zombies fair and square.
Kiana: No wonder she’s the bombest student in our school!
Bronya: And that girl seemed to like her very much.
Kiana: She was alone in those previous memories…
Kiana: I think Fu Hua must have been really happy to have made a friend.


Gameplay EX-2 - Respite:
Captain: Don’t you look just fabulous in this?
The lady in qipao smiled at her.
Hua: …
Captain: You’ll be stealing all the attention in this evening ball, gorgeous.
Hua: …
Hua shook her head.
Captain: Why? Are you unhappy with something?
Hua: I don’t understand this.
Hua: We lost 3 branches to bring down the 6th Herrscher just a short while ago…
Hua: We’ve won… but how can we just… forget about all the sacrifices and pain we’ve been through?
Hua: Why are we dressed up? Music? Snacks? Just thinking about this reminds me of the friends who died…
Captain: Hua, I have a little reminder for you. You’ve heard it before but it works. Forgetting is the best medicine.
Captain: People choose to forget for a good reason. It is a way to relieve the pain and get a moment of happiness.
Captain: You must give them a chance to forget and have a little bit of fun, especially during wars.
Captain: You can’t fight a war with low morale.
The Captain said as she arranged her hair.
Captain: I really can’t get used to this hairbun. My ears feel cold… and my neck as well…
Hua: It’s probably the air conditioning in the base.
Captain: Hmph.
The Captain gave a frustrated scoff.
Captain: Whatever. Sure you’re not attending the ball? I spent a great deal of time picking out this dress for you.
Captain: There’s a snack bar for non-dancers, but I’m definitely going to get you onto the dance floor.
Hua: Fine… I’ll go.
Captain: Hah. Finally, a right choice!
Captain: Learn to relax, Hua.
Hua: …
She snapped out of her memories.
She was in the qipao and thought about that short conversation last year as she looked at her reflection…
Many things happened in a year. Two Herrscher incidents and Australia laid to waste by a great fire.
The one who chose her dress was no longer around.
Hua: …
The MOTHs planned another evening ball but the mood was depressing, a far cry from the joyful atmosphere last year.
The war was wearing out the MOTHs. The Herrschers kept coming. There was no end in sight.
No one wanted to dance, but no one wanted to cancel this tradition either…
Because people need to be happy…
Hua: …
Captain: You must give them a chance to forget and have a little bit of fun, especially during wars.
Captain: You can’t fight a war with low morale.
Hua thought about the Captain’s words.
Captain: Learn to relax, Hua.
Hua: Aye, Captain.
Hua was no longer a rookie. She finally understood the Captain. More importantly, she understood her duty.
Hua: Let’s hope everyone can forget about this… at least for the night…
Hua murmured to herself as she headed for the lounge…




Gameplay 20-8 - Origins IV:
Bronya: There is another feather…
Energetic Student: SCHOOL IS FINALLY OUT!
Hua: Great. I can finally take a break.
Energetic Student: …
Hua: …?
Energetic Student: Why are you still wearing that uniform, Hua? What happened to all those nice clothes I picked for you?
Hua: The uniform is pretty sturdy and dirt doesn’t show up that easily.
Energetic Student: You’re DEFINITELY not wearing this stupid uniform.
Hua: I guess this is why you never wear the uniform at school…
Energetic Student: THAT’S RIGHT! I’ll look super lame if I dressed like everyone else.
Energetic Student: Let’s go! Back to the dorms!
Hua: Why?
Energetic Student: To get you changed!
Energetic Student: This is it. You’ll give your family a surprise when you head back. You look absolutely gorgeous!
Hua: Why am I feeling like you’re making fun of me?
Energetic Student: I would never ever do that! I just gave you a super splendid idea. Going home in the school uniform is super lame.
Hua: I don’t really want to scare my Dad, though. He might not take this too well.
Energetic Student: What?! Girl, your Dad is a kung fu master. Nothing can scare him.
Energetic Student: Anyway, take care, bon voyage, and I’ll see you next semester!
Hua: Yeah… thank you for everything.
Energetic Student: Thank me? Why?
Hua: You helped me make a lot of friends in school.
Hua: I really didn’t expect to have a great time in school… but you made it happen…
Energetic Student: You really need some confidence, Hua!
Energetic Student: People became your friends because they like you. I was never the reason!
Energetic Student: You’re a really nice girl and people quickly notice that, even without me around.
Energetic Student: Don’t give other people credit for your success! You won’t get anything out of that!
Energetic Student: And don’t you have a flight to catch? Don’t let me keep you!
Hua: Goodbye… Sapphire…
Hua looked at the urban nightscape.
Though the time she spent in the city was short, it was an enjoyable experience for her.
In a few hours’ time, she would be back home.
Hua: I made a real friend, Dad.
Happiness filled her heart.
Alarm: WRRRRRRRRRR—
The airport suddenly blared with loud sirens and alarms.
Announcement: Dear travelers! The airport will be locking down due to an emergency. Please remain calm and stay at your current positions.
Hua: What just happened?


CG plays wherein Fu Hua looks out the airport window, seeing flaming objects fall from the sky.


Hua was unaware that she was about to experience the 3rd Honkai Eruption…
Bronya: That place also experienced a Honkai Eruption…
Kiana: That’s… the first Honkai Eruption she ever faced, right?
Bronya: And the Class Monitor just made a good friend…
The girls silently recalled unpleasant memories as Lin Zhaoyu whiled away time by kicking pebbles.


Gameplay EX-3 - Joy:
Energetic Student: PHEEEEEEWIE…
The girl ignored the crowd as she stretched her lithe body, her neck, and her wrists.
Energetic Student: Is this really your first time playing this?
Hua: Yeah. My Dad never allowed me to go to that arcade near our place…
Energetic Student: What a shame, ‘cuz you’re a gaming genius! 1536 points! That’s way ahead of 2nd place!
Energetic Student: Speaking of which, are there gun kata moves in your kung fu?
Hua: That’s impossible. They’re not the same thing…
Energetic Student: HAHAHA~!
Energetic Student: Say, are you up for some para para dance insanity?
Energetic Student: A-MA-GAWWWD…
Energetic Student: At the rate you’re going, this arcade should be paying you to play their games…
Hua: Keep it down…
Hua said in a hushed tone. A huge crowd gathered around the girls to admire the legendary gameplay.
Hua: I didn’t expect to attract so many people… it’s… terrifying…
Energetic Student: So how did you pull off those moves?
Hua: By moving my arms and legs according to the instructions on screen?
Energetic Student: Instructions? No, they’re not… ugh… forget it.
The girl looked around, oblivious to the spectators around them.
Energetic Student: Wanna try the racing games? It’s definitely something you can’t do with kung fu.
Hua: I’m so happy.
Energetic Student: Of course. Games are designed to make people happy.
Energetic Student: Hey, watchu wanna eat? Noodles? Pizza? It’s on me~
Hua: It’s okay. I’ve got money.
Energetic Student: I can pay for dinner, and you can pay for the bus ride back to school. How does that sound?
Hua: Hah. That sounds good.
Hua: So why do you live in the dorms on the weekends? I thought your home was in Sapphire.
Energetic Student: My parents aren’t around most of the time. It’s not home, just a place to live when you’re there alone.
Hua: You sound so mature.
Energetic Student: WHOAH! Did you just call me mature?! Can you please say that again when you meet my Mum?
Energetic Student: But I gotta warn you, you’ll be shocked when you see my Mum.
Hua: Are you trying to say something?
Energetic Student: Heh. I never told you that I came from a military family, right?
Energetic Student: And it’s my Mum who’s in the army! Hahaha… wait, you don’t look surprised.
Hua: Servicewomen aren’t that rare, to be honest.
Energetic Student: That’s ‘cuz you’ve never seen my Mum. Don’t worry, you’ll meet my parents once they return to Sapphire.
Energetic Student: I kept telling them that you’re the one who saved their baby girl’s life!
Hua: What?! Erm… can I choose not to meet them instead? Why did you tell them that?
Hua could only imagine how awkward it would feel.
Energetic Student: Hahahaha! I was just messing with you. I’ll just say that you’re my bestest friend ever!
Energetic Student: Come on, don’t be shy! Let’s go eat something!
Hua: Hahaha. Sure~
Hua’s heart was filled with a simple yet pleasant happiness.


Gameplay 20-9 - Final War II:
Bronya: What’s in the next feather?
Bronya: Perhaps the Class Monitor’s memories. Will we ever locate the Blade Mantra or the Class Monitor’s shadow?
Kiana: I’m fine with memories. They’ve revealed bits of her mysterious past to us.
Kiana: I have a feeling we’ll get what we want if we keep looking for it…
Kiana projected her mind into the glow…
Hua: (The Honkai is spreading…)
Hua: The 12th Herrscher must have escaped containment…
Hua: If I’m not wrong, she must be… SAKURA’s sister.
Hua sighed. She rushed for a few paces before stopping.
Hua: (Kevin said he was looking for SAKURA… so he should be close to the Herrscher and won’t need me around.)
Hua: (I should focus on damage control and keep our losses at a minimum.)
Hua: (Hmm? No sign of infection. She’s not a zombie…)
Hua: (But I’m picking up familiar traces and levels of Honkai energy within her body…)
Hua: (I should be able to deal with this.)
Hua checked the disabled soldier.
Hua: (I hardly see any infection patterns. This isn’t a case of Honkai overdose…)
She opened her palm and summoned the 8th Divine Key - the Key of Sentience.
Hua: (A reaction but no signs of hallucinations, hypnosis, or memory alteration. Yet this is obviously a mind attack.)
Hua: (Is this the power of the 12th Herrscher?)
Hua: (The enemy’s powers remain uncertain. If it’s a mental attack, the Key of Sentience might just work.)
Hua: (I’ll first unleash the 2nd Power of the Key…)
Hua: …Complex Manifest!
Hua: Interesting. So this is the world I see once my complete sentient focus is directed into a single point.
Hua spoke to herself.
While floating in the mental world, she saw many sparks, each of them a sentient entity revealed by Fenghuang Down.
Hua: The effects of the Divine Key have now spread throughout the entire base.
Hua said to herself. She conveyed this simple information to activate her primal reflexes.
Under her current state of extreme focus, any emotion would only serve as a hindrance.
The Divine Key served as an additional sense to observe every entity in this world. She saw…
…Three complex minds intertwined as one. The stubborn, unbending, and sword-like entity must be Kevin.
Hua: He’s still fighting.
The second consciousness was close by, an ephemeral wisp that fluttered painfully like a wilted leaf.
Hua: Who can this be? SAKURA?
Hua looked at the third consciousness. A cocoon of malevolence that extended its fine tendrils everywhere.
Hua: I’ve found the one that’s corrupting the base…
Hua: …I hope I have enough time.
Hua: I will lock down the minds of everyone in this base and stop the Herrscher from corrupting them. I must keep this up until Kevin defeats - (text cut-off)
Hua: Let it begin!
Hua: It found me. I’m impressed. This entity can fight Kevin, SAKURA, and me at the same time.
Hua: A copy of my will, stripped of everything except for hatred towards the Honkai to act as my guard.
Hua: Go, and do not let them disturb me.
Hua: Huff…
Hua: You did well… I’m sorry.
Hua used the Key to destroy the copy of herself. The act made her a little sad.
Pure, emotionless reason was responsible for creating this copy. Yet she destroyed her once she served her role.
A tool created for the sole purpose of fighting the Honkai. Hua thought about herself and realised she was the same.
Hua: I shouldn’t dwell on such thoughts.
She shook her head to purge these thoughts from her mind.
Hua: I should meet up with them.
The base was silent. Everyone was asleep. To ensure safety, Hua kept her Key active until further orders from MEI.
The dark, terrifying entity was no more. The 12th Herrscher was contained, whether it be alive or dead.
Hua reached the third floor. Kevin stood against the wall in a dazed stupor as though he was controlled by Hua’s Key.
Kevin: I knew it was you when everyone in the base suddenly fell asleep.
Hua: Kevin…
Kevin: We have sealed the 12th Herrscher.
Hua: Really? How is SAKURA?
Kevin: She’s dead.
Kevin turned to look at the Herrscher’s containment cell.
Kevin: It’s like a virus, and it can infect both computers and humans. The Honkai always manages to surprise us.
Hua: How heavy are our losses?
Kevin: About 100 in the base. Those closest to her turned into zombies. It spread too fast for our containment measures.
Kevin: Your decisive action stopped the spread. You saved everyone in the base.
Hua: That sounds like the good news.
Kevin: The bad news is that the virus took over our defenses and launched every nuke at our last three population centers.
Hua: Wha…
Hua: I’m sorry… I thought it was a mental attack… I failed to defend the computers…
Hua sat down in despair.
Hua: I thought I had the situation under control…
Kevin: It doesn’t matter.
The man sat down heavily next to her.
Kevin: It always ends this way, doesn’t it? These outcomes hardly surprise you.
Hua: …
Kevin: Every victory came at a terrible cost while the Honkai only grew stronger. Though we made it to the 12th…
Kevin: Everyone knew that our triumphs were facades to disguise the horrifying losses we suffered…
Kevin: Humanity has lost the war, Hua.
Kevin said in a low whisper that could hardly be heard.
Kevin: Heh… but this is a truth that we will never accept as fact…
Hua: I didn’t expect you to say that… I thought you’d be the last one to give up this fight.
Kevin: Do you want the truth?
Kevin: I never gave up because I never tried. I… never cared about the Honkai nor humanity. I just don’t care.
Kevin: I didn’t become a MOTH to save the world. It was for selfish reasons… yet the decision took me all the way here…
Kevin: I cannot admit this to anyone… especially not her…
Kevin: I thought I was the most terrible person to have ever lived…
Kevin lowered his head. Hua had never seen him so vulnerable and fragile before.
Hua: We’re all the same, Kevin. No one is born a hero. We’re just ordinary people forced upon this path.
Hua: I thought about home and my dreams… and often questioned why I’m doing something that I never asked for.
Hua: I have been a follower. I followed the Captain, and now I follow you with MEI in the lead. I thought this was my path.
Hua: But no one forced me onto this path. It is my choice. I don’t like it and I can stop or leave at any time…
Hua: You could have done that, but you didn’t, Kevin. No one has the right to blame you for anything.
Kevin lowered his head further. Hua heard his low whispers.
Kevin: But I do and I blame myself…
Hua was not sure if she should respond to that. The two remained silent until Kevin finally raised his head.
Kevin: I am not giving up, Hua. We will not give up.
Hua: Good. We shall not give up.
Kevin: Humanity shall win.
Kevin stood up. He instantly reverted to the unyielding warrior who always led from the very front.
Kevin: Come. We must head to Battle Command.
Kiana: So that was the Honkai War of the Previous Era…
Bronya: 12 Herrschers appeared. Humanity won every battle but lost the entire war.
Bronya: …
The two girls grew silent as they thought about the world they live in.
Kiana: I never knew that Kevin… also had to experience all that.
Bronya: The Bronya knew about these incidents… but was not aware that the Class Monitor was there as well.
Kiana: Fu Hua faced Kevin alone to protect me… they used to fight alongside one another, but…
Bronya: They were two comrades who took different paths…
Kiana: I guess so.
Kiana’s voice became softer than a sigh as she thought about the past…


Gameplay EX-4 - Recall:
Kevin: Many years will pass before we see each other again, Hua.
Kevin said before she headed to the cryopods. He was sullen, and ended his greeting with these words:
Kevin: Humanity shall defeat the Honkai.
Hua: …
She had many things to say. She knew she could at least repeat Kevin’s words. He would be pleased to hear them.
But she only gave him a silent nod.
…
The doors closed. Hua went through the disinfection chambers and left her clothes in the cruel, old world.
The long war against the Honkai has ended…
Humanity suffered grievous losses but failed to claim the final victory.
The planet’s surface was in ruins. The few survivors left followed Dr. MEI’s orders and entered the cryopods.
Nobody knew what their mission was nor how long the hibernation would be.
Hua: (That’s so very typical of her.)
No one knew Dr. MEI’s entire plan. The AI named Prometheus conveyed her will and no one objected…
…Because everyone trusted and believed in Dr. MEI, the person who spent her entire life fighting the Honkai.
Hua: Are you there, Prometheus?
Prometheus: I am.
The synthetic voice sounded like a shy, little girl.
Hua: How much time do I have left?
Prometheus: The Great Hibernation shall begin in 1 hour and 27 minutes.
1 hour and 27 minutes. The amount of time Hua had to reminisce about the past. But was her past really that long?
After becoming a MANTIS, Hua could no longer forget. Every moment since the awakening became etched into her mind.
She cared little for those memories. There was nothing that she missed about them.
She went to the very beginning - her father’s dojo in the slums where youths trained in the yard.
Father: Your Dad’s dojo will be yours, Hua.
He said those words, but he was wounded by a zombie. The dojo faltered. The Honkai came. Everything was gone.
Hua: …
She thought about her confusing first day of school in a new city and about that classmate. She felt a trace of joy.
The first classmate to befriend her. The happiest semester of her life. The Honkai came. Everything was gone.
Memories of other friends were worn down over the years. Only flickering shadows remained.
Hua: …
She thought about the captain who rescued her in Sapphire and gave her a new purpose in life. The Honkai came…
And she reached the very end of her memories.
Hua: Are you there, Prometheus?
Prometheus: I am.
The synthetic voice sounded like a shy, little girl.
Hua: And the time?
Prometheus: The Great Hibernation shall begin in 1 hour and 13 minutes.
Sigh… Hua thought to herself.
“It took me only 14 minutes to recall the memories that I held dear.”
Hua entered the password on the wall panel and opened her cryopod.
Prometheus: Reminder: You still have 1 hour and 12 minutes of free time.
Hua: I don’t need that.
Hua said. She entered the cryopod. The transparent glass panels closed and sealed her from the old world.
Hua: Good night, Prometheus.


Gameplay 20-10 - EMBER II:
Bronya: This feather is also sealed…
Lin Zhaoyu: Amazing.
Kiana: Oh, really?
Lin Zhaoyu: You’ve found more “Xinyin” mind seals in two days than everyone else did in the last 500 years.
Lin Zhaoyu: I doubted you when you said you were the Phoenix’s friend, but I’m now certain you have a special place in her heart.
Lin Zhaoyu held the feather in her hand. Instead of undoing the seal, she studied it in silence.
Lin Zhaoyu: The heart is the greatest mystery of all. We know it, use it, explore it, manipulate it, but we never understand it.
Lin Zhaoyu: It is easy to know someone. It is extremely difficult to know oneself…
Kiana: …
Kiana understood little of Lin’s words, but they sounded important and thus dared not to interrupt her.
Lin Zhaoyu: It doesn’t really matter. Just a few random musings that no longer matter.
Lin smiled and undid the seal. Kiana and Bronya felt the world spin around as the light engulfed everything.
Book of Fuxi: WAIT—FOR—ME—!!!!
Phoenix stopped and waited for the little one shouting in the distance.
Phoenix: You’re getting slow.
Book of Fuxi: I’m getting old. Really old.
Phoenix: Hah.
Phoenix scoffed.
Book of Fuxi: And you’re thousands of years old, too. Take it easy.
Book of Fuxi: You should rest between these quests. It will do wonders for your health.
Phoenix: The Honkai does not rest.
Book of Fuxi: Oh REALLY?! So why does it only come once in a while? These critters are hardly the real thing.
Phoenix: Every trace of the Honkai must be purged. Every enemy must be subdued.
Book of Fuxi: And you’re just pampering these humans. They should be able to take care of these things themselves.
Phoenix: Ah. We’ve arrived.
Book of Fuxi: And you’re ignoring me again…


CG plays wherein Fu Hua senses something strange while walking the streets with Book of Fuxi:
Phoenix: (Strange.)
Phoenix: (I sense an evil presence, but this village seems completely unaffected.)
Book of Fuxi: Phoenix, there’s a sugar haw peddler.
Book of Fuxi: Do you want one?
Phoenix: (I’d better ask the locals.)


Phoenix: Greetings, sir. Could you tell me if this place has a monster problem?
Elder: You’re mistaken, young lady. This is a peaceful village. We haven’t had any demons for centuries.
Phoenix: Hmm…
Book of Fuxi: What did the locals say?
Phoenix: They claimed they’ve never seen a monster. But I can sense a presence nearby.
Book of Fuxi: Is it strong?
Phoenix: No. It’s just a weak Honkai energy response. But it’s too close and the villagers are too calm. Something is amiss.
Book of Fuxi: That definitely isn’t the huge monster we’re looking for.
Phoenix: We cannot afford to ignore this. I will inspect it with my own eyes.
Book of Fuxi: Wha… this zombie has been chained up.
Book of Fuxi: This doesn’t look right, Phoenix.
Phoenix: (Someone chained her here…)
Phoenix: (Fruits and meat… fresh but untouched.)
Book of Fuxi: Hold on! Don’t kill her!
Phoenix: Why?
Book of Fuxi: Something isn’t right. She’s being kept here on purpose. They were also trying to feed her.
Book of Fuxi: We should get to the bottom of this.
Phoenix: Unnecessary. She is fully corrupted and can no longer be saved. She is now a threat that must be purged.
Book of Fuxi: But… we can do that… later…
Phoenix: Xixi…
Phoenix: Are you trying to stop me from destroying a spawn of the Honkai?
Book of Fuxi: I don’t like it when you fight… it makes you cold… and scary…
Phoenix: I let you have your way for anything else, Xixi, but never for such matters.
Book of Fuxi: Can we… at least go and talk to the villagers? We should know what happened before we act.
Dozens of villagers gathered at the village gates as though expecting the Phoenix to return.
Elder: Little Wang saw you heading for the hills. You saw her, didn’t you?
Phoenix: I did.
Book of Fuxi: But we didn’t kill her! No, sir! We want to know what happened.
Elder: It’s a long story. She was Lin’s wife, but some foul sorcery possessed her and turned her into a demon.
Elder: She hit her man and then rushed out to attack others. Luckily the lads caught her and chained her up…
Elder: She didn’t do anything wrong. Never! But her man and baby…
The villagers stepped back to reveal a man on crutches and an old lady holding a baby.
Elder: Please, Empyrean, show mercy…
Phoenix: She is fully corrupted. There is no other way. The merciful thing to do is to end her misery.
Elder: But…
Every villager heard the Phoenix’s words. They were aghast and looked at each other.
Elder: But… please… if there is a chance for mercy…
The old woman holding the baby looked worried.
She clumsily bowed as the Phoenix approached.
Woman: Lady… are you here to purge demons?
Phoenix: No, I wasn’t. But now that I’ve seen it, I can’t leave without resolving this issue.
Woman: So what happened to that poor woman? I’ve been taking care of her baby all this time… will anything happen to me?
Phoenix: Set your worries aside. Your village is clean and so is the baby.
Woman: That’s good to hear. Poor child… so young and yet her father’s no longer fit for work and her mother…
The woman gently comforted the baby in her arms.
The elder secretly motioned to Phoenix. He had something to say. Everyone backed away when she approached.
Elder: You must be the Celestial Empyrean.
Book of Fuxi: So you do know of her?
Elder: This is a remote village, but my grandfather gazed upon your immortal beauty. You must be the one…
Phoenix: I’m flattered, but do tell me your request.
Elder: I beg you to… end the poor woman’s misery…
Book of Fuxi: What? Didn’t you ask us to spare her life?
Elder: There were people around. If her family heard me, they would hate us for many years…
Elder: Her cursed form only brings pain and I don’t think we can keep her chained forever. Everyone’s frightened.
Elder: What if she breaks free? Will she kill someone in the village?
Elder: We know nothing about killing demons. Fate brought you here to save us from this monster.
Phoenix: Allow me to consider.
A man with crutches stood away from the crowd. His arms were bandaged and he had lost one of his legs.
Man: My wife… can she return to us?
Phoenix: I’m sorry…
The man glared at the Phoenix before letting out a frustrated grunt and walking painfully away.
Book of Fuxi: …
Phoenix: This will only keep happening, Xixi.
Phoenix: We cannot afford to show mercy to any possible threat.
Book of Fuxi: So does that mean… we’re going to send her to the afterlife?
The Phoenix shook her head.
Phoenix: There is no other choice.
The zombie looked at Phoenix. Its eyes were devoid of nothing but the malicious glow of the Honkai.
Book of Fuxi: If only we could free ourselves from the Honkai. It just keeps coming and harming people…
Phoenix: Yes, it just keeps coming.
Book of Fuxi: …
Phoenix: Are you upset, Xixi?
Book of Fuxi: No…
Book of Fuxi: I’m… sad.
Phoenix: For that zombie?
Book of Fuxi: No, Phoenix…
Book of Fuxi: I feel sad for you…
Book of Fuxi: When the ladies made me, they told me…
Fuxi: …The Phoenix has a mission.
Nuwa: A cruel and heartless mission. I’ll be honest with you. We don’t like it at all.
Nuwa: She deserves to live her own life and make her own decisions.
Fuxi: Yet everything has been chosen for her.
Nuwa: Without someone to look after her, she’ll eventually carry that mission to completion. That’s exactly who she is.
Fuxi: And that’s why we made you.
Fuxi: We’ll not give you any directives.
Nuwa: Given that both of us have already betrayed our orders, we don’t think it’s fair to order other people around.
Nuwa: Observe the Phoenix with your own eyes. She can be a little cold, but she’s actually a very, very nice person.
Nuwa: I’m sure you’ll like her as well.
Fuxi: And when that happens, we hope you’ll make the same decisions we did.
Nuwa: If not… well… I don’t think that matters anyway, because I sure won’t be around to complain.
Fuxi: We entrust the Phoenix to your care.
Nuwa: Good luck, Xixi—
Book of Fuxi: They disobeyed their orders to keep you away from the battles…
Book of Fuxi: And I… I did everything I could…
Book of Fuxi: I disrupted your training and tried to stop you from using Fenghuang Down. I tried to get you closer to others…
Book of Fuxi: …But that is all I could do.
Phoenix: Have I disappointed you?
Book of Fuxi: No, Phoenix. You never disappointed anyone. Everyone can see the good work you have done.
Book of Fuxi: I’m disappointed in myself. We tried to foil your mission and Dr. MEI’s project to keep useless things in your mind.
Book of Fuxi: …
Book of Fuxi: But… I simply can’t do it…
Phoenix: I’m sorry…
Book of Fuxi: Why apologise? Keeping you company has made me really happy. I’m just sad that I can’t be with you forever…
Book of Fuxi: 1000 years isn’t long enough. My batteries will fail and memories will freeze… I’ll eventually fall asleep…
Book of Fuxi: …But I’ll never leave you. I’ll keep waiting until the day your saviors appear.
Book of Fuxi: Though you’re willing to die for this world, there will eventually be someone who treasures you more than this world.
Book of Fuxi: You won’t be alone, Phoenix.
Kiana and Bronya left the feather’s memories, but Lin Zhaoyu was nowhere to be found.
Instead, there was a feather left in the place where she stood.


Gameplay EX-5 - Nostalgia:
The ocean greeted the Phoenix.
Phoenix: …
Azure waves lapped at her ankles and gave her a welcomed sense of coolness in the heat of summer.
Phoenix: (This is a dream.)
The beach failed to distract her. She knew at once that it was a dream. Her physical body was at Mount Taixuan.
Phoenix: (I hardly dream nowadays…)
As a MANTIS, her brain never stopped working, even if she slept. She could not remember the last time she dreamed.
Phoenix: (Why am I having this dream?)
Nuwa: Hi!
An old friend appeared without warning.
Phoenix: Ah… it’s you…
Fuxi: It’s been a while, Phoenix.
Nuwa: How long has it been?
Phoenix: …2600 years.
The Phoenix murmured to herself.
Nuwa: That’s really quite a long time.
Fuxi: You haven’t changed at all.
Phoenix: …
The Phoenix found herself at a loss for words.
Phoenix: This is just a dream, isn’t it?
Nuwa: I don’t know about that.
Fuxi: Since we’re talking to each other, it’s probably just a dream.
Fuxi: We’re already dead.
Nuwa: We’re really sorry about leaving you behind on your own.
Phoenix: No… don’t be…
The dreaming Phoenix experienced sorrow. It felt like a lead weight pressed against her chest.
Phoenix: I didn’t make it on time… it was my fault…
Phoenix: Just seeing you two again… the very sight of you makes me… really happy…
Fuxi and Nuwa looked at each other before smiling, smiles that she had not seen for 2600 years.
Fuxi: You can see us anytime you want.
Nuwa: We’re always by your side.
Phoenix: Yes…
Then the Phoenix, Fuxi, and Nuwa spoke no more.
Everyone knew this precious moment of silent calm could not be traded for any number of words.
The cogs of time ticked on as spinning flywheels spun dazzling threads of entire lifetimes.
The time had come for the dream to end.
Phoenix: I…
Phoenix: I thought this moment would keep going if I kept my silence…
Phoenix: I was afraid… so afraid that time would flow once I opened my mouth.
Phoenix: This is just a dream. All dreams will eventually shatter.
Fuxi: Indeed. All dreams will eventually end.
Nuwa: But time will not end for you.
The bells chimed in the distance.
The Phoenix returned to the beach.
Azure waves lapped at her ankles.
It felt as though she had traveled to the past.
Fuxi and Nuwa: We’ll meet again, Phoenix.
Phoenix: We’ll meet again, Fuxi… take care, Nuwa…
The dream ended.


Act 3 - B:
Gameplay 20-11 - Death I:
Bronya: Where did Lin Zhaoyu go?
Kiana: I’m not sure…
Kiana picked up the feather.
Bronya: Did she leave this for us?
Kiana: Maybe she wants to tell us something.
Kiana: Should we… try entering it?
Bronya: Da.
Light faded away. The chilly wind felt like ice cold blades.
Midnight. Mount Taixuan was exceedingly quiet during these hours.
The Celestial Empyrean continued her slow walk.
Kiana: Hey…
Bronya: Are we… in a memory now?
Kiana: Yeah… but why? The previous feathers only allowed us to look.
Bronya: Nyet. Subject Kiana must remember. This feels similar to the feathers that the Class Monitor used before.
Kiana: Can this be…
Kiana looked around and saw Fu Hua on the mountain trail. She called out to her but Fu Hua seemed oblivious.
Kiana: She can’t hear me…
Bronya: We should initiate pursuit.
Phoenix: Suyi? Why are you here? Where are the others?
Qin Suyi: Master…
The girl’s ephemeral shade flickered. Her hesitation was obvious.
Phoenix: …
Su Mei: Suyi missed you.
Another person silently appeared beside Fu Hua and her youngest disciple Suyi.
She was Su Mei, the 2nd disciple of the Phoenix.
Su Mei: She has been waiting here every day ever since you left the mountain. Suyi is such a sweet girl.
Qin Suyi: …
Su Mei: The hour runs late, Master. We should head back to the temple.
The Phoenix followed Su Mei up the mountains and left Qin Suyi on her own.
Qin Suyi: They’re planning to kill Master…
Qin Suyi suddenly turned around and faced Kiana and Bronya.
Qin Suyi: Are you here to stop this?
Kiana: What did you just say?
Bronya: You can see us?
Qin Suyi: Sigh…
Qin Suyi sighed. The shadowy apparition suddenly transformed into a beast that lunged at Kiana.
Qin Suyi: What you see is but an illusion.
Qin Suyi: Such is the power of the Ebonstyle, the dark rod of phantasm.
Kiana: Why did she attack us?
Bronya: This memory segment seems to be an anomaly.
Kiana: She just said that the disciples are going to kill their master.
Kiana: This must be the night 500 years ago when the Seven Swords of Taixuan murdered Fu Hua!
Bronya: Is this feather asking us to change history and rescue the Class Monitor?
Kiana: I don’t know, but we should definitely follow them!
Jiang Wanxi: Master is the most important person in my life. Nobody else matters as much.
Jiang Wanru: …
Jiang Wanxi: But… I won’t let Master kill her. Never!
Jiang Wanxi: There won’t be another chance like this…
The 4th Disciple of Taixuan looked at her twin elder sister and smiled.
Jiang Wanru: It’s alright, Wanxi. Perhaps this has been decreed by fate…
Jiang Wanxi: This is Bellspike, the bringer of silence.
Jiang Wanru: And my Voidarc leaves nothing behind…
Lingshuang: This is just an illusion, right? Why treat a false illusion as truth?
Su Mei: You’re finally here.
Ma Yanqing: Apologies, but you can go no further.
Su Mei, the 2nd disciple, and Ma Yanqing, the 6th, stood guard before Fog Mount Temple.
Su Mei: You seek to foil the machinations of fate. We share the same goals.
Ma Yanqing: None of us wanted this battle. If we had another choice…
Su Mei: Draw your steel.
Su Mei: Be ready, for I am the wielder of the Peerless blade.
Kiana and Bronya approached Fog Mount Temple.
Kiana: Fu Hua’s disciples… the Seven Swords of Taixuan…
Kiana: …Were the very ones who killed their master 500 years ago.
Bronya: The Bronya detects no hatred towards the Class Monitor from them.
Kiana: No… I can sense some hatred. It’s weak, but I know it’s there.
Kiana: Maybe I’m mistaken… I think that hatred isn’t directed towards us nor Fu Hua…
Kiana: …I think they hate themselves.
Bronya: Kiana, the Class Monitor should have seven disciples…
Bronya: …But only six of them appeared.
Kiana: Maybe the last one is in Fog Mount Temple.
Bronya: We should be ready.
Kiana: Yeah.
The two girls opened the door…


Gameplay 20-12 - Disciples:
Kiana: Hey… did we just come back out again?
Kiana: What happened? What exactly lies behind the temple doors?
Bronya: The Bronya saw a brief moment of pitch darkness before re-emerging at this location.
Kiana: That’s so weird. What’s wrong with this feather?
Bronya: We should ask the person who left it to us.
Bronya: This feather…
Kiana: Is it sealed?
Bronya: Nyet, but it feels different compared to the other feathers we found.
Bronya: Perhaps we should activate it, unless you have another idea in mind…
Kiana: We should give it a try anyway.
Phoenix: Zhaoyu.
The Phoenix called to her disciple.
Phoenix: I’m heading to the south seas. You’re coming along. Go pack your things.
Lin Zhaoyu: Ah… of course, Master.
Lin Zhaoyu: Were monsters found by the south seas?
Though the Phoenix heard her words, she walked off without turning back.
Phoenix: You don’t look too well. What is it?
Lin Zhaoyu: The journey to the south seas will take a while… I’m just worried about the little ones…
Phoenix: Su Mei is around.
Lin Zhaoyu: She was admitted to the school only a little bit earlier than the others.
Lin Zhaoyu: Yanqing is just a boy. Suyi has yet to recover from her sickness, and Wanru…
The Phoenix stopped and turned around.
Phoenix: You want to stay?
Lin Zhaoyu: No… I should go. I want to see the south seas again… and pay respects to my parents.
Phoenix: Good.
Lin Zhaoyu: …
Lin Zhaoyu: What exactly happened at the south seas, Master?
Phoenix: Nothing happened.
The Phoenix was cold.
Phoenix: Like you, I have a few friends to whom I want to pay respects.
Lin Zhaoyu left the shop with her substantial purchases.
Phoenix: What did you buy?
Lin Zhaoyu: Offerings for my ancestors, a wood puppet for Yanqing, books to teach Suyi how to read, rouge for Wanru…
Lin Zhaoyu counted her purchases.
Lin Zhaoyu: Local sundries for Su Mei… and this is for you.
Lin Zhaoyu gave her a strange, cloth-wrapped package. The Phoenix felt its weight and hardly gave a response.
Lin Zhaoyu: I remember this town. We lived here when you first took me to Mount Taixuan many years ago.
Phoenix: Did I?
The Phoenix looked at the hanging lanterns.
Phoenix: I don’t remember.
Lin Zhaoyu: Apologies, Master. This is the only ship willing to make the trip… you might have to live in this cabin for a while.
Phoenix: It doesn’t matter.
Lin Zhaoyu: Thank you.
Phoenix: Why?
Lin Zhaoyu: Because you’re willing to take me back to the place where my parents now rest.
Phoenix: Zhaoyu…
Phoenix: …I’m planning to go to the very same place.
Lin Zhaoyu found the place where her people were buried, laid out the offerings, and paid her respects.
The Phoenix looked on in silence.
Lin Zhaoyu: …
Lin stood up, wiped away her tears, and gave an awkward smile.
Lin Zhaoyu: I’m sorry, Master. I didn’t expect to hold you up for this long.
Phoenix: It doesn’t matter.
Lin Zhaoyu: Where are your friends, Master? I’ll set up the offerings for them.
The Phoenix shook her head. She walked along the cliff’s edge and gazed at the bottomless abyss.
Phoenix: Their spirits flew to Empyrean and their souls slept in the Abyss. But these legends are false. They’ll never return.
Lin Zhaoyu: Are your friends the people of the Nine Realms?
Phoenix: No.
Phoenix: Those people wanted to resurrect Chiyou, while my friends sought to eradicate it. They could only be enemies.
Phoenix: Chiyou is the Essence made flesh and who laid waste to the south seas. They faced it without me and fell in battle.
Phoenix: Just over two decades ago, the people of the Nine Realms tried to resurrect Chiyou. I came here to stop them.
Lin Zhaoyu: …
Phoenix: Zhaoyu, your parents died because of me. Do you hate me?
Lin Zhaoyu: They were corrupted. Death is the best way to end this…
Phoenix: Good.
The Phoenix unwrapped her package and revealed a life-like clay figurine.
The Phoenix looked at the clay figurine for a while before letting it fall into the dark abyss.
Phoenix: This is for the best…
Phoenix: It’s time to leave.
The two said nothing during the return trip. Lin Zhaoyu broke the silence after stepping off the boat.
Lin Zhaoyu: Is there no cure for the Corruption?
Phoenix: …
Lin Zhaoyu: They weren’t bad people, they had no choice… why would the heavens afflict them with such a curse?
Phoenix: …
The Phoenix did not reply.
Lin Zhaoyu: Wanru… she’s just an innocent little girl… if she becomes corrupted, there’s no way that we… we…
Phoenix: Zhaoyu, there’s nothing else we can do about this.
Lin Zhaoyu gritted her teeth. The obedient disciple mustered all her courage to utter these blasphemous words.
Lin Zhaoyu: Master, will you please show mercy to Wanru?
Phoenix: …
Phoenix: She is corrupted, Zhaoyu.
The Phoenix said nothing more. Zhaoyu remembered the very words she herself uttered at the south seas.
Death is the best way to end this…
Kiana: …
Bronya: …
Kiana: Lin Zhaoyu turned out to be Fu Hua’s disciple…
Kiana: She is the first, and the only one of the Seven Swords who didn’t appear…
Bronya: That is not the question, Kiana. Why did Lin Zhaoyu appear at Mount Taixuan?
Bronya: Why did a person from five hundred years ago appear at the Mount Taixuan of our time?
Kiana: I think I know what happened here…
Kiana: Nothing about this place feels right. The high levels of ambient Honkai energy, and the strange Fu Hua we saw…
Kiana: These feathers aren’t the same feathers that Fu Hua showed us…
Kiana: And the Lin Zhaoyu from so many years ago appeared and led us to those Xinyin mind seals…
Bronya: It’s a trap.
Kiana: Yeah. This definitely isn’t the real Mount Taixuan. So where on earth is this place?
Kiana: And who would do that to us?
At that very moment, something emitted a bright glow.
Bronya: The feather that “Lin Zhaoyu” gave us…
Kiana: We should enter it again…
Kiana: We should be able to find the truth within it.


Gameplay EX-6 - Enmity and Affinity:
The Immortal Phoenix came back with a young girl. Lin Zhaoyu was surprised.
Phoenix: She’s special.
The Phoenix responded to her astonishment.
Phoenix: Unpack her things, find a place for her, and teach her the Blade SWARA.
Lin Zhaoyu: But she’s so young…
Phoenix: She can talk and she knows how to read.
The Phoenix pointed at the child. The girl, however, looked towards the sky and was enthralled by something else.
Phoenix: She’s special.
The Phoenix repeated those words again.
Lin Zhaoyu: I’ve prepared a place for the little one. She’s a stubborn girl. I only got her to sleep with some candy.
Phoenix: Good.
Lin Zhaoyu: Are you going to adopt her, Empyrean?
Phoenix: Perhaps.
Lin Zhaoyu: …
Lin Zhaoyu glanced outside the door and asked softly:
Lin Zhaoyu: Her parents…
Phoenix: Dead.
Lin Zhaoyu knew what the word meant.
3 months passed.
Lin Zhaoyu: The child is a fast learner. She’s made astounding progress with the Blade Mantra these three months.
Phoenix: I’ve said it before. She’s special.
Lin Zhaoyu: Haha… and it took me almost two years… I guess I’m not smart enough…
Phoenix: You started late and I wasn’t teaching you properly.
Lin Zhaoyu: …
Lin Zhaoyu: We should give her a name, Empyrean…
Phoenix: How did you get your name?
Lin Zhaoyu did not expect this question. She lowered her head after a brief silence.
Lin Zhaoyu: My father paid a scholar for words from the Book of Odes. Zhaoyu, the morning rain, the bringer of rainbows…
Phoenix: Then it’s decided.
Phoenix: Go and buy the Book of Odes.
The Immortal Phoenix ordered Lin Zhaoyu to bring the girl to Taixuan Temple.
Phoenix: She’ll take your surname. Lin. What do you think?
Lin Zhaoyu: Ah… I…
Little Girl: I have my own surname.
The girl suddenly spoke.
Little Girl: It’s Su. That’s my mother’s surname. I shall take her name for myself.
Lin Zhaoyu: …
Phoenix: What is your name?
Little Girl: My Dad named me, but I’ll not call myself that.
The Phoenix flipped open the Book of Odes and came to the Air of Qin: Reeds by the River.
Phoenix: “The one you seek waits by the Mei of the river…” Mei… do you like this word?
Little Girl: Mei of the river? What does that mean?
Phoenix: The Mei of the river is the old word for the riverbanks, the place where water and land meets.
Little Girl: The place where water and land meets…
The girl thought about the word for a while.
Little Girl: I’m neither land nor water, not a farmer nor a fisher, someone who can’t rely on anyone…
Phoenix: You don’t like it? I’ll find another word, then.
Little Girl: It’s alright. I’ll take it.
The girl glanced at the Phoenix. She then walked towards Lin Zhaoyu and bowed deeply.
Little Girl: Greetings, Zhaoyu. I am Su Mei.
Lin Zhaoyu did not know how to respond, but the Empyrean closed the Book of Odes and looked as cold as ever.
Lin Zhaoyu: Su… Mei… you should only pay your respects to the Empyrean. She’ll be your parent from now on.
The girl stood up and exclaimed:
Little Girl: I won’t forgive my mother’s murder! The Empyrean is no parent of mine. Chase me away or enslave me, it matters not!
The young girl’s words rang as loud as steel. Lin Zhaoyu did not expect her to act this way.
Phoenix: I’ll neither chase you away nor enslave you. I only want you to master the Blade of Taixuan and fight monsters.
Phoenix: Your decision to respect me or not matters little.
The Phoenix closed her eyes and said nothing more. The girl stood there frowning while Lin remained silent.
Little Girl: My mother’s murderer is no parent of mine, but I must repay you for your kindness, Empyrean.
Little Girl: A teacher must be given a proper title. I, Su Mei, hereby acknowledge you as my Master.
Su Mei then knelt and prostrated herself before the Phoenix.
Lin Zhaoyu: …
Lin Zhaoyu looked displeased as though something bothered her deeply.
The Phoenix knew the reason and called her name.
Phoenix: Zhaoyu.
Lin Zhaoyu: Yes, Master…
Phoenix: Come here.


Gameplay 20-13 - Death II:
Qin Suyi: Greetings.
The girl’s ephemeral shade flickered. She was obviously waiting for someone.
Qin Suyi: Is this just a segment of someone’s memories? I’m dead already…
Qin Suyi: I have died…
Kiana: Excuse me… erm, can you tell us what’s going on here?
Qin Suyi: I have died…
Qin Suyi continued to mumble to herself as her shadow faded…
Qin Suyi: I… died…
Kiana: She didn’t attack us.
Bronya: The feather has changed. It became… softer.
Jiang Wanxi: Those who are fated to die have died…
Jiang Wanxi sighed as her twin held onto her arm.
Jiang Wanru: And those who must live have survived. It is for the best, isn’t it?
Jiang Wanru: Thank you.
Her words were meant for Kiana.
Kiana: Huh? Were you talking to me?
Jiang Wanru: It is easy to prevent a death…
Jiang Wanru: …But convincing someone to keep on living is so much more difficult.
Jiang Wanxi: …
Jiang Wanru: You are a kind person.
Though half her face was corrupted by the Honkai, she gave a beautiful smile before disappearing with her twin.
The 5th Sword of Taixuan shook her head and faded away.
Su Mei: You’re finally here.
Su Mei gazed upon the far distance.
Su Mei: Scale the mountain to reach the end of this tale. You will find what you want. She’s waiting for you.
Kiana: Who? Lin Zhaoyu?
Su Mei: …
The 6th disciple looked at Kiana.
Ma Yanqing: No, it’s the Phoenix.
Su Mei: Master finally found someone who she actually cares for…
Su Mei: It was a long trip, but it was worth its time…
She faded into the air as she finished her words.
Ma Yanqing gave a slight bow.
Ma Yanqing: This is for the best.
Kiana: She said that Fu Hua is waiting for me at the mountain top.


CG plays wherein Kiana and Bronya open the doors to Fog Mount Temple, entering onto the hand of a certain someone:
???: Well, well.
???: Took you long enough.
???: I don’t have all day.


Gameplay EX-7 - Future:
Energetic Student: La~ lalalala~ la~
Hua: What are you singing?
Energetic Student: Ah? No idea. Just some random tune I made up.
The girl pulled a face.
Energetic Student: School’s gonna end soon.
Hua: Yeah.
Energetic Student: Are you going home?
Hua: Of course. My Dad isn’t feeling too well… I have to get back and help him out.
Energetic Student: Hey, if my Mum and Dad let me, can I hang out at your place?
Hua: You sure?
Energetic Student: Of course I’m sure. I’ve never been there before.
Energetic Student: Is your family dojo still open? Can you teach me that kung fu thing?
Hua: I’m afraid you’re a little late. My Dad sold the dojo last month.
Energetic Student: Oh.
She laid on the grass with great disappointment.
Energetic Student: I thought you’d inherit that dojo.
Hua: Why?
Energetic Student: ‘Cuz of feelings. I felt you’d be a dojo master. It’s weird, isn’t it?
Energetic Student: Do you have any dreams, Hua?
Energetic Student: ‘Cuz I feel that you don’t.
Hua: Dreams…
Hua was at a loss for words.
Hua: …
Energetic Student: I knew it! That’s why I felt you’d take up the family dojo ‘cuz someone told you to do so.
Energetic Student: “Hey, Hua. Do this.” And you’ll do everything they say.
Energetic Student: But it’s your life we’re talking about!
Hua: Hmm…
Energetic Student: As for me, I’m definitely not gonna stay in Sapphire.
The girl sighed and started talking to herself.
Energetic Student: I’m numb to this place. You know how that feels, right? Old memories everywhere.
Energetic Student: I see a bridge and think about the people I crossed it with. I see a store and think about what I bought there.
Energetic Student: Sapphire is a fish tank filled to the brim with my memories. In fact, it’s so full it’s overflowing!
Hua: I think it’s great to have memories worth remembering.
Energetic Student: That’s what some people say, but I don’t like it.
Energetic Student: Anyways, I’m leaving Sapphire for sure. I’ve no idea what I’ll do… but I wanna explore the world like Mum and Dad.
Energetic Student: Perhaps I’ll learn how to play the sax… or maybe the piano… maybe I can be a ballerina!
Hua: You? A ballerina?
Energetic Student: You have a point. No ballerina for me, then. Hahaha…
Hua: Hahaha…
The two girls laughed at each other.
Hua: I… I don’t feel like staying in my hometown either…
Hua: I don’t think I can stay in Sapphire either.
Hua: I’ve planned nothing for my own future. In fact, I never even thought about it until you brought it up…
Hua: I don’t think I have any dreams…
The girl noticed the disappointment in Hua’s voice.
Energetic Student: Hey, you shouldn’t be affected by me, girl. Dreams aren’t that important. They’re worth nothing.
Energetic Student: It’s something you might be able to use. If you don’t have a dream, you’ll get one soon. We’re still young, right?
Hua: Yeah, you’re right.
Hua: There’s something else… no matter where I go…
Hua: I treat my memories as my most important things…
Hua: …Things that I want to hold onto for the rest of my life.


CG plays wherein photos of Fu Hua’s time at Sapphire fall on top of one another, before burning away in the fires of time.


















































Game Ch XXI: Wings of Reawakening


Act 1 - T:
Gameplay 21-1 - New Life:
Schicksal Valkyrie: Hostile unit coming! Initiating level 2 combat readiness!
Schicksal Valkyrie: Target: District B3. Initiating Emergency Protocol No. 12!
“Hua”: This thing is awesome!
While exchanging emergency commands through comm links, Valkyries rushed to the burned half of the air terminal.
“Hua”: …
They passed her by but no one paid her any heed, as if she didn’t exist.
She was toying with a crimson plume.
She took this from Otto Apocalypse’s cold body.
“Hua”: I once gave Otto something like this? Unbelievable.


[CHOICE] = Search your memory.


An inner voice suggested so.
“Hua”: No, trivial matters like that can wait.
“Hua”: I have all the time in the world to go through 50 millennia’s worth of old memories.
She chuckled as she admired her work: in the distance, fire and smoke had consumed half of the air terminal.
“Hua”: …


[CHOICE] = Not happy?


“Hua”: Huh? Not at all. I’d say that’s impressive enough.
She took a deep bow to all the chaos and explosions, the applauding audience of her debut show.
“Hua”: If not for Schicksal and Otto, things wouldn’t be so bad, and the world would have a better chance.
“Hua”: A shame these Valkyries had to die. They were but pawns on Otto’s chess board.


[CHOICE] = A lot of casualties.


“Hua”: …I’ve controlled the damage pretty well. I only broke the cage and a few buildings… Dammit! It’s good enough!
“Hua”: No one can think everything through and attend to every freaking detail! No one! Not even Dr. MEI!
“Hua”: …Even she made a lot of blood sacrifices, right? Victory and justice can only come through sacrifice.
“Hua”: Never mind, arguing with myself does me no good.
“Hua”: Time to leave this junkyard.


[CHOICE] = Where to go?


“Hua”: Haven’t figured it out yet. It’s a big wide world and I can go anywhere, but I’ve no particular place in mind.
“Hua”: Maybe visit my old friends? They’d freak out when they see me alive.
A smile crept up her lips.
“Hua”: The Honkai is still out there, and days will get busy. Just take it easy for now.
“Hua”: They didn’t see me… This thing is handy.
“Hua”: Huh? Fenghuang Down doesn’t work on AI?
“Hua”: Ha, I’m so merciful.
“Hua”: See? I spared all those lives. I didn’t kill anyone.
???: It would have been better if you had such mercy earlier, my old friend.
“Hua”: …?!
She was taken aback as soon as her eyes landed on him.
“Hua”: Otto…
Otto: Hi.
“Hua”: …It figures. You’re not an easy one to kill.
Otto: Oh, I did die, but fortunately, I didn’t store all my backups at the same place.
He pouted his lips to signal the ruins ablaze in the distance, where hundreds of his backup bodies were kept.
“Hua”: …Fair enough. I’ll just kill you once more.
Otto: …Wait.
The Schicksal Overseer took a step back.
“Hua”: You scared?
“Hua”: Didn’t expect the gun you shot me with to backfire at yourself?
Otto: You’re not evil.
“Hua”: Funny you should speak this way. Of course I’m not evil. I’m the bringer of justice.
Otto: Then maybe we can reason.
“Hua”: There’s no use reasoning with the likes of you.
Otto: Sure, I did kill you, for which you sought revenge justly and I didn’t resist. I’d say we’re square now.
“Hua”: You…
“Hua”: Square? It was only a cheap backup of yours and you’re now standing right before me. You call this “square”?
“Hua”: I will shred every fiber of your being until you can never ever revive again, Otto!
Otto: What? You look just as swell standing right before me.
“Hua”: Wha…
Otto: I killed you and you did the same to me. I revived and so did you. Wasn’t it me who healed you and brought you back?
Otto: Technically, you actually owe your new life to me, my friend.
“Hua”: You… I…
She was speechless.
Otto: You’ve put on quite an impressive show here, and a lot of collateral damage was dealt.
Otto: Think about Durandal and the other Valkyries. You brought them pain for no good reason.
“Hua”: Humph!
Her face turned red and then pale. She meant to say something but instead, she sniffed and left without a word.
Otto: …Where are you going?
“Hua”: None of your business.
Otto: May I give you my two cents?
“Hua”: You? Nothing good ever came out of you.
Otto: My old friend… we’ve known each other for ages. Few know you better than me.
Otto: I can see your confusion. You just woke up, and you’re not exactly sure who you are, or what you’ve done.
Otto: You need a familiar face, someone who knows you well, someone who can point you the way.
“Hua”: Hey… you’re not trying to tag along, are you?
Otto: No, I meant you might wish to have the Fenghuang Down you left before you died, and I can tell you who has it now.
Otto Apocalypse put on his most friendly smile.
Otto: Kevin Kaslana has it.


She took off and sped up, like an arrow piercing the sky.
“Hua”: (Otto didn’t lie… He did heal all of my old wounds.)
She had never felt so light, strong, and free for five centuries. Ripping the air apart felt exhilarating.
“Hua”: (Even Kevin might… No, I’ll crush him without any drama this time!)
“Hua”: (Come to think of it, I’ve never defeated him, and we never got into a proper duel.)
“Hua”: (He has better Honkai adaptability for sure, but I can outskill him in combat. And with Fenghuang Down…)
“Hua”: (It’s hard to say who will win.)


[CHOICE] = But Fenghuang Down isn’t complete.


“Hua”: Shut up, I know that.
The Fenghuang Down she stole from Otto was just a copy of the original with limited power.
“Hua”: “Stole”? It was mine to begin with!
She couldn’t help but sniff at the voice in her head.
“Hua”: I am its rightful master, and it responds to my every command.
She had summoned the Fenghuang Down once she left Otto, and the “Phoenix” within instantly became one with her.
“Hua”: It works like a charm on any sentient being.
“Hua”: I tried it on Otto and copied a memory segment of his. Guess what, he didn’t even know it happened.
“Hua”: I’m gonna try it on Kevin as well. Maybe he won’t even have the chance to draw the Judgment of Shamash.
“Hua”: …Right, do you think I once left Kevin one of those plumes?


[CHOICE] = Search your memory.


“Hua”: No, too much trouble.
“Hua”: I’m gonna find out pretty soon, so why bother?


Gameplay 21-2 - Dragon’s Lair:
“Hua”: What is Kevin doing hiding in here?
“Hua”: Oh, that’s a lot of people down there.
“Hua”: That’s weird. Most of the sentiences are dull and weak. Only two… or three seem strong…
“Hua”: Well, I sense more now.


[CHOICE] = You’ve been spotted.


“Hua”: Duh.
“Hua”: I can’t control mechas…
“Hua”: I’ll just tear them up!
“Hua”: Pretty tough defense.


[CHOICE] = For you, just a piece of cake.


“Hua”: Yeah, not even a scratch on me.
“Hua”: I’ve smashed more of these tacky toys than I can even count.
She gazed down, as if seeing through the ground and surveying the underground structures. Her smile died.
“Hua”: …After everything we’ve been through together.
She muttered to herself.


[CHOICE] = He didn’t even notice the ruckus you stirred up above the ground.


“Hua”: …Humph.
“Hua”: I’ve changed my mind. No stealth anymore. I’m taking the front entrance, and punching my way in.
“Hua”: He’s the boss of an organisation now, but I’m not begging for his audience.
“Hua”: I’ll make him come to me.


Gameplay 21-3 - Tiger’s Den:
Jackal: …Who’s this?
Jackal couldn’t take her eyes off the wasted mechs on the screen, and the mysterious girl on top of the mech pile.
Jackal: All of the patrol mechs are down… Hey, zoom in and let me have a better look.
The operator did her bidding.
Jackal: …Hua?!
Jackal: No, she’s dead already. So who the hell is this one?
Another trick of Otto’s? The thought soon crept up her mind.
Jackal: It’s gotta be him again… Damn that backstabber! Give me Schicksal HQ! Now!
At exactly that moment, the mysterious girl lifted her head and made eye contact with Jackal through the screen.
“Hua”: Hey, can anyone hear me? I suppose this gadget can pass on my voice?
Jackal: …
“Hua”: Ah, forget it. Just prepare yourselves. I’ve mopped up Schicksal, and you’re next.
Jackal: …Huh?
“Hua”: Kevin, come see me.
She slammed her fist into the ground, and the tremor was instantly felt by Jackal hundreds of feet below.
When she checked the monitor again, all the drones had fallen, feeding back images of cracked camera lenses.
They’d lost track of the girl.
Jackal: Curses!
Jackal: All units to battle stations! I’m gonna flay her myself!
Jackal: And…
Jackal: Do not… trouble Sire with this.
“Hua”: Is it just me or do these places all look alike?
Jackal: Alert, all units! This is Jackal. The intruder is in the vicinity of B2-7! 3rd Mecha Legion, get ready for attack! Kill on sight!
Jackal: I repeat! Kill on sight!
“Hua”: This Jacka sure uses a lot of big words.
Jackal: The intruder is at the conjunction of Passage 6 and 7. Regiment 1 and 4, surround her and drive her to the Helix.
“Hua”: This one is so noisy! And stupid too! I’ve never seen anyone who broadcasts their tactics to enemies…
Jackal: You scared? Surrender now and I’ll grant you a dignified death!
“Hua”: Oh, so you can hear me after all.
Jackal: Nothing in this base can escape my jackal ears! Mess with the World Serpent and you’re as good as dead!
“Hua”: That’s some big talk from a minion.
Jackal: Hear me? Get her now!
“Hua”: Again? Haven’t you guys learned your lesson?
“Hua”: This thing can’t do me any damage.
“Hua”: Stop wasting your machines. I mean, though they’re useless, they must’ve cost a lot.
Jackal: Shut up! That’s called tactics, you wouldn’t understand.
“Hua”: Your tactics don’t seem to be working well.
Jackal: There’s more! Take this… electromagnetic field activate!
The gateway was shut down, and a blue flood of electricity rushed in, stirring up the mech debris on the floor.
Jackal: …Curses!
On the monitor, the intruder was effortlessly floating in the air.
“Hua”: Think you can electrocute me? Think again.
Jackal: …I’m gonna wipe that smirk off your face in just a few minutes!
All of a sudden, sizzling hot air flew in from all sides.
Jackal: Have you ever used an oven to roast a chicken?
Jackal: Keep flying. You’ll become a toasted bird in no time.










Gameplay 21-4 - Ocean of Flames:
“Hua”: Ah… they got me.


[CHOICE] = Try Fenghuang Down?


“Hua”: There’s only one, and it’s weak. I cannot manipulate it properly where my eyes cannot see.
“Hua”: (Good thing it’s not too hot yet. I still have time to work out a solution.)
Jackal: You think this is the best I can do?
Following Jackal’s hysterical cry, a flood of Spider Bombs rushed out of the mech wreckage.
Jackal: That’s where you’re wrong! I don’t give any chances!
Jackal: Enjoy your last breaths.
“Hua”: Time is running out…
“Hua”: (These should be the weak spots.)
Jackal: *sniffs* Is that a burning smell?
“Hua”: (Let’s try here.)
“Hua”: (Or here…)
Jackal: Just surrender. You don’t want your body burned to ashes, do you?
Jackal: Say something.
“Hua”: Found it!


CG plays wherein “Hua” punches through the wall, freeing herself from the death trap.


Boom!
Jackal couldn’t believe her own eyes.
A gigantic hole grew out of the ultra rigid heat-proof wall that she deemed impregnable.
Jackal: What is this?! Is she even human?!
She was forced to entertain this ridiculous idea.
Jackal: Is she really… Hua?
Jackal: No… no, no…
Jackal’s cold sweat began to drip like rain.
Jackal: (If that’s true, there’s all the more reason to keep this from Sire…)
Jackal: (Death Webs… don’t let me down.)












Gameplay 21-5 - Mountain of Blades:
“Hua”: Ha ha.
She couldn’t hold back her smile when her eyes met the hole in the wall.
“Hua”: Looks like I underestimated this Jackal.


[CHOICE] = Don’t get distracted.


“Hua”: I didn’t, but he just won’t come out.
“Hua”: Even after all these “friendly gestures”, nothing’s come out from Kevin.
“Hua”: I can still feel him. He’s out there, but still and calm, like dead water.
“Hua”: He probably doesn’t even know I’m here to visit.


[CHOICE] = What would you do to have his attention?


“Hua”: Ha ha…
“Hua”: Why, play it up of course… Plucking Jackal’s head might do the trick.
Jackal: That’s enough.
Jackal: I don’t know your purpose, but no one messes with the World Serpent.
Jackal: My bioweapons will teach you a good lesson!
Jackal: …What did you do?
“Hua”: Oh, so the strong sentience I felt before came from this… thing.
“Hua”: Sorry to break your heart, but anything that breathes doesn’t work on me. I hope you have better toys.
Jackal: …
Jackal: Disable autonomous mode and execute AI override.
“Hua”: …What did you do?
Jackal: Well, you asked for lifeless opponents, and here they are.
Jackal: It’s between us now.
Jackal: See? Our technology is 20 years ahead of this era!
“Hua”: Really? But it’s still 50 thousand years behind the technology of a simple era I’ve seen.
Jackal: …I’ll kill you!
Jackal: …Ugh.
Jackal: I’m not holding back anymore. I’ll unleash everything prepared for Herrscher hunts on her… everything…
Jackal: Today, I must…
???: No need to waste time.
Jackal: Ah…
Jackal turned around and found her Sire right behind her.
Jackal: Si-Sire!
Kevin: I’m here.
He wasn’t addressing Jackal.


“Hua”: Where’d you find this goon? She’s fun.
Kevin: She’s useful… not on the battlefield though.
The two of them walked out of the base and onto the ground.
“Hua”: Hmm, still the Kevin I used to know.
“Hua”: Use everything that works to fight the Honkai, right?
Kevin: …
Kevin stopped, but Hua walked on without realising.
Kevin: Who are you?
“Hua”: I’m Hua, your old friend.
Kevin: …Hua never called me “friend”.
“Hua”: Oh.
“Hua”: …
“Hua”: I was killed a while back. A headshot from Otto. I just woke up and I’m still trying to figure things out.
“Hua”: I remember you, and that we fought together 50 millennia ago, so I thought… there’s a good chance we were friends.
Kevin: You don’t feel like Hua.
“Hua”: Yeah, I agree.
“Hua”: When I go through old memories, I can’t help thinking: What the hell? Why did it end up like this?
“Hua”: Guess the revival brought me a lot of clarity. Try to think of it this way, Kevin: I’m still Hua, only better.
In silence, Kevin slowly drew his blade.
“Hua”: …You know me too well. Exactly what’s on my mind right now.
Kevin pointed the blade at her.
Kevin: Friend or foe, pick your side.


Act 2 - M:
Gameplay 21-6 - Absolutely Calm:
Lying in the shade cast by a huge rock, Hua was casually humming a familiar tune with her eyes closed.
She needed to unwind - a few hours ago, she fought the strongest warrior there is, and she had a blast.
Also, she got what she came for.
“Hua”: …We stop now?
Kevin: Yeah, that’s good enough for me.
Kevin sheathed his blade.
“Hua”: What do you think of my Kei: Sailing Eagle? Didn’t expect me to counter your Judgment of Shamash with this, huh?
Kevin: I don’t remember such a move in the Kei techniques.
“Hua”: Oh, it’s my new invention. Sounds cool, right?
“Hua”: I saw a lot of opportunities when we fought, but you certainly didn’t make it easy for me to get the upper hand.
Kevin: You want another fight?
“Hua”: Nah, I’m not that obsessive. It’s over.
“Hua”: Now you know it’s really me here, right?
Kevin: …
Kevin lifted his right hand and put it near his heart, while gazing into the heavens up above - nothing there.
“Hua”: Huh?
Kevin: …Yes, you’re here.
He extended his hand and opened his palm - a Fenghuang Down plume rested upon it.
Kevin: I’m returning this to you, Hua.
Kevin said in a soft and low voice.
The plume slowly drifted towards Hua and she grasped it instantly.
“Hua”: Ha, I didn’t even say I came for this. You surely know me.
“Hua”: Thanks.
Kevin: Where are you going?
“Hua”: Don’t know, don’t care. I’m not in any hurry. I’ll figure out my next step after I know more about myself.
“Hua”: I gotta return a few favors, and collect a few debts. And there’s the Honkai to deal with… I’ll get to them one by one.
“Hua”: Maybe we’ll be able to fight side by side once again someday, my old friend.
Kevin seemed to find it amusing.
Kevin: Will you join the World Serpent?
“Hua”: That’s a big no. Ah, I don’t even remember when you came back. After Otto…
Hua signaled a headshot with her hand.
“Hua”: Boom! And then I couldn’t remember anything at all.
Kevin: …The feather I just gave you can help you remember.
“Hua”: Yeah, I’m counting on it.
“Hua”: Join you? I don’t think so. I’d hate to run errands for you. Maybe I should have my own organisation.
“Hua”: Oh, wait, seems like I once established something called the School of Taixuan before. Is it still alive?
“Hua”: …Can’t remember. I need to search my memories.
Kevin: Fine. There are a few people on my side who don’t see eye to eye with you.
“Hua”: Heh.
Hua waved Kevin goodbye and left.
“Hua”: Try to stay alive before you wipe out the Honkai, my old friend.
“Hua”: Oh, and one more thing: it was Otto who led me here.
“Hua”: I heard you two are allies now? Don’t believe a word he says. He didn’t send me here just to say a friendly hello.
Kevin: I know.
“Hua”: Otto wants a nasty fight between Kevin that he can benefit from.
Hua told herself.
“Hua”: I won’t fall for such cheap tricks. See, it cost me nothing to take back this feather.
She took out the Fenghuang Down feather and showed it off.


[CHOICE] = It could be a trap.


“Hua”: Trap? Impossible. You saw how the fight went. No way Kevin knows more about the feathers than me.
“Hua”: But…
The reminder did work to a certain degree. Hua started to have a strange feeling about the plume.
“Hua”: (It’s different from the others… Sealed?)
She tried to awaken the feather, but to no avail.
“Hua”: Humph!
Hua nipped the plume and filled it with Honkai energy.
“Hua”: Break!


CG plays wherein the seal on the feather is released.


“Fenghuang Down”: …
The plume was awakened.
“Hua”: Hah.
Hua sized up the shadow that emerged from the feather. “It” looked faint, and its eyes were closed.
“Hua”: The energy has almost run out.
“Hua”: Kevin didn’t look after you at all!
She grasped the shadow by the wrist. It first shuddered in shock but went calm very soon.
“Hua”: Don’t move. I’ll feed you some energy first. At this rate, you won’t be able to maintain your form in just a while.
“Hua”: …No wonder Kevin had you sealed.
As she fueled more Honkai energy into the feather, the shadow grew clearer and began to open its eyes.
“Hua”: That should do it.
Fu Hua let go of the shadow and clapped her hands.
“Hua”: Return now.
“Fenghuang Down”: …Who are you?
“Hua”: Why, your master of course.
“Hua”: Ugh, seems like your memory drained away as well. You’re just my copy, but seeing you like this makes me sad.
“Fenghuang Down”: I… I’m your copy?
“Hua”: Yeah, you’re a Fenghuang Down feather, a copy of my mind and memories.
“Hua”: I don’t know why you were in Kevin’s hand, because I was dead. And now I’ve taken you back from him. Understand?
“Hua”: Time for you to come back to me now. Return my strength and memories. I want to know what happened after my death.
…
Surprisingly, the feather didn’t seem to hear Hua at all. Instead, she studied Hua with curiosity.
“Fenghuang Down”: So, you are…
She sighed.
“Fenghuang Down”: Typical Otto… Another prank of his.
“Hua”: What are you mumbling about?
“Fenghuang Down”: The moment he killed me…
“Hua”: …?
“Fenghuang Down”: I activated the Zeroth Power of Fenghuang Down and transferred my sentience into one of the feathers.
“Hua”: Huh? Is that what happened? But I remember…
“Fenghuang Down”: The body was just an empty vessel. Soulless.
“Hua”: …What do you mean?
Fu Hua: Since I’m here…
The shadow repeated the question:
Fu Hua: Who are you?


She was strolling above the clouds.
“Hua”: It’s a good view up here, right?
Fu Hua: …
The shadow was right by her side, quietly listening to her mutters.
“Hua”: I don’t like height. Looking down from a high place makes everything small. It’s almost arrogance.
“Hua”: But when you go further up and through the clouds… things get much better. An ocean of white waves. Pure paradise.
“Hua”: …Wait, can you see?
“Hua”: You don’t have a solid form. How can your “eyes” see?
“Hua”: …And you can hear me! That’s weird. How does your “auditory system” work?
Fu Hua: It’s Fenghuang Down.
“Hua”: Oh.
Hua chuckled.
“Hua”: That’s convenient. Anything that’s hard to explain, just say it’s Fenghuang Down working.
“Hua”: Like memories… they should be stored in my head, right? After it was busted by seven little pricks, I forgot a lot.
“Hua”: But… you’re in a feather, and it doesn’t have a brain to store memories. Guess the answer is still Fenghuang Down.
Fu Hua: Probably… when the feather wanes, I start to forget things.
“Hua”: That’s right!
Hua clapped her hands.
“Hua”: In Kevin’s hands, the feather had dwindled quite a bit, and your memory must have suffered.
“Hua”: Or even worse, some key component could be damaged.
“Hua”: That’s why you began to hallucinate and think you were more than a feather… that you were the real deal.
“Hua”: Sentience transfer and memory copy are bound to make you wonder who you are. Otto and I both have been there.
Hua tried to comfort the shadow with a smile.
“Hua”: It’s no big deal, and I’ll help you get over it. After all, you’re my copy, and we’re sort of twins.
“Hua”: Take your time to figure it out and you can return my power later… Ah, never mind, I don’t need it back.
“Hua”: I handed out tons of feathers. Even Otto got one. Makes no difference if I have yours back.
“Hua”: Just keep me company, alright? It’s so boring being alone.
Fu Hua: Where are you going?
“Hua”: Um…
Hua thought hard and then broke the long silence with a broad smile.
“Hua”: Back to Taixuan!
“Hua”: Are you alright? You’ve been quiet all day. If you don’t feel well, just absorb some Honkai energy from me. I don’t wanna see you vanish.
Fu Hua: No thanks.
“Hua”: Humph, whatever.
“Hua”: …I don’t get it.
Fu Hua: Hmm?
“Hua”: Why do I feel like you have a problem with me?
Fu Hua: …
“Hua”: I am you, and you are me. We’re of the same mind. You should know me better than anyone else.
Fu Hua: I…
“Hua”: And enough with the “you’re the real Fu Hua” bullshit. I’m not really in a good mood right now.
Fu Hua: Maybe you’re not aware… but there’s something odd about you.
“Hua”: Humph.
Hua sniffed heavily.
“Hua”: Go on. I’m listening.
Fu Hua: Are you really Fu Hua? You share very little in common with her… You two are even day and night different.
Fu Hua: Maybe you have her memories. Maybe you awakened in her body…
Fu Hua: But you are something new.
“Hua”: Ha, that’s the stupidest thing I’ve ever heard.
“Hua”: I have her body, and I have her memories. If I am not Fu Hua, then who am I?
“Hua”: I think you’re the one acting weird. You don’t seem to appreciate the fact that you’re just a copy, not the original.
“Hua”: You think I didn’t know? You always give me that look, as if I was a child who had done something wrong.
“Hua”: You know what I think? Mind your own business!
“Hua”: …
“Hua”: But I guess you got one thing right.
“Hua”: There’s no need to be trapped by my past. It’s a fresh start for me now.
“Hua”: Why would I care about what the past me would do? I’ll just be myself.
“Hua”: So I guess it’s safe to say you are the old me.
Fu Hua: …
“Hua”: I can’t say which version of me is better.
“Hua”: See, my old friend… he’s pathetic, because he’s been living under the shadow of the past ever since MEI died.
“Hua”: You are just like him.
“Hua”: What’s the point of torturing oneself for the past? The deceased are gone forever.
Fu Hua: Kevin has been fighting for humanity. He is a visionary.
“Hua”: For humanity… that’s what they all say.
“Hua”: Like this one. He always talks about humanity, but actually all he ever cared about was a dead woman. I was shocked when I first heard he and Kevin made an alliance, but come to think of it, it makes perfect sense.
“Hua”: Never mind. I mean, he saved us, after all.
Fu Hua: Why did you show me these people?
“Hua”: Because I want to, and I can. Oh, and it’s convenient to do so with Fenghuang Down.
“Hua”: I just feel like it.
“Hua”: Hmph, the old me.
“Hua”: Is this hateful disciple of mine dead? I don’t wanna bother to check my memories. Do you remember?
Fu Hua: She’s dead.
“Hua”: I don’t remember that. Probably didn’t do it myself. The old me was so softhearted.
Fu Hua: Do you hate them?
“Hua”: I don’t remember a thing, what would I hate them for? It’s just payback. And I’m their master, so they should do whatever I ask them to do, - (text cut-off)
“Hua”: I can’t believe I used to keep snakes… I’ll no longer make the same mistake.
“Hua”: St. Freya… is ruined, isn’t it?
Fu Hua: I don’t know.
“Hua”: Hmm…
“Hua”: Do you know how the girls are doing?
Fu Hua: I lost some recent memories. But I can tell you what happened earlier.
“Hua”: Alright, we’ll talk on the way.
Hua waved her hand and the girls’ illusions were wiped away like water drops on a window glass.
Fu Hua: Can I ask a question?
“Hua”: Be my guest.
Fu Hua: Why would you go to Taixuan? There’s nothing there. It was deserted and forgotten many years ago.
“Hua”: …
Hua fell silent as she pondered her words.
“Hua”: Actually…
Hua halted the very moment her lips parted. It looked like she regretted answering the question.
“Hua”: I just woke up, you know? I don’t know anything at all. My head’s all blank.
“Hua”: Just like a newborn baby. Can you expect a baby to have a sound plan for their entire life?
“Hua”: But I’ve got everything planned, because… I’m Fu Hua, and that’s just expected of me.
“Hua”: I know that, but… I just don’t want to face it. I wish to get away from all this. I don’t even want my memories back.
“Hua”: But time is against me, and the enemies are still out there. I have to face it. I have to accept it and become Fu Hua…
Hua scratched her head.
“Hua”: I want to go somewhere I can call home. I want to feel it. Maybe it will make it easier for me to accept myself.


Hua was ambling in the mountains.
Every now and then, she would awaken a plume and absorb its power and memories, which were mostly surprises for her.
“Hua”: Um, this one’s from Otto again. Looks like a lot of the memories here are from someone else.
“Hua”: …I don’t like the way I used to handle things.
She gave the shadow from the Fenghuang Down a subtle look.
Fu Hua: …
“Hua”: I know you don’t see eye to eye with me either.
Fu Hua: I’m worried about you.
“Hua”: Haha, what’s to worry about?
“Hua”: I feel… splendid! Never felt better! For the first time ever, I know what freedom tastes like.
“Hua”: I know who I am now. I’m Fu Hua, simple as that. This is my home, and everything here feels familiar but also fresh.
“Hua”: These feathers, these memories… they are all mine. I have infinite possibilities, a world of choices!
“Hua”: I belong here. I feel at home.


Gameplay 21-7 - Flawlessly Clean:
“Hua”: There’s another one.
Hua picked up the feather with the faint glow.
“Hua”: That’s way too many! How come I left so many feathers here?
Fu Hua: …
The shadow made no response.
She took a walk by the cliff. She sometimes buried herself in thought, and sometimes looked into the horizon.
“Hua”: Tsk…
Hua instilled some Honkai energy into the feather to awaken it.
Fenghuang Down: …Who are you?
“Hua”: I’m your master. Return my strength and memories now.
A wisp of Honkai energy touched Hua gently and then retracted. The Fenghuang Down nodded and faded.
“Hua”: Ah, if only you could be as obedient as this one.
Fu Hua: …
“Hua”: Let me check out this memory…
Hua closed her eyes. After a while, her face turned pale and twisted.
“Hua”: Ugh, it’s Dr. MEI.
Fu Hua: Probably just some unimportant conversation. That’s why I didn’t keep it.
“Hua”: Yeah, it’s meaningless. Just Dr. MEI explaining her plan.
Hua spat in disgust.
“Hua”: Why would I follow her like a puppet?
“Hua”: The end result was that humanity lost miserably under her leadership and had to hole up for ages in cryo pods.
“Hua”: The Ark sent into outer space was lost, and the Seed of Sumeru probably sank into the Sea of Quanta.
“Hua”: Dr. MEI is a loser from head to toe. I don’t know why everyone followed her like fire-drawn moths.
Fu Hua: She stood up and shouldered the impossible responsibilities. People had faith in her courage and resolve.
“Hua”: Yeah, no one had any faith in wisdom. Sure, why not, the courage and resolve to bleed till the last drop.
“Hua”: I’m not following her this time… or Otto, or Kevin. I’m my own master.
“Hua”: I will reverse all creations and build a new world from the ashes of the old. You can watch me.
Fu Hua: This place used to be peaceful. I remember there was a village nearby.
“Hua”: Doesn’t matter. Peace already forsook this world.
“Hua”: So many zombies here… this village must’ve been ruined.
Fu Hua: Let’s go help.
“Hua”: Why?
Fu Hua: Huh?
“Hua”: This village’s disaster is none of our business. It’s just a tiny one among the world’s myriads of disasters.
Fu Hua: That is…
“Hua”: The “no mercy for the corrupted” rule no longer exists after the Blade Mantra shattered.
“Hua”: Dr. MEI’s SWARA no longer messes with our brain and tells us what to do.
Fu Hua: But it’s the right thing to do.
“Hua”: I define what is right.
“Hua”: Then tell me about it.
Fu Hua: If there are people in need, we save them; if there’s no one to save, we get to see the situation clearly. Either way, your plan won’t be - (text cut-off)
“Hua”: You’re right. It’s a righteous move.
“Hua”: Besides, for me, it’d be a piece of cake, haha.
“Hua”: That statue is huge.


Gameplay 21-8 - Clear Mirror:
“Hua”: …No one here.
Fu Hua: Maybe they’re all hiding.
“Hua”: Maybe they’ve all died and turned into zombies… I’d say it’s better that way. We only need to clean up the zombies.
Hua took a look at the statue afar and all of a sudden, she signaled the shadow to be quiet with her finger.
“Hua”: Hush… I heard something.
A rustling sound came from the building on the side, and after a while, a small girl slowly walked out of the shadow.
“Hua”: …
Even from afar, Hua could tell for sure that the girl’s face and arms were giving off a sinisterly purple glow.
Fu Hua: She’s corrupted.
“Hua”: …But she hasn’t turned yet.
Fu Hua: At this rate…
“Hua”: Shut up!
Hua walked to the girl.
Little Girl: Are you… here to save us?
“Hua”: Yeah, don’t worry. Everything will be fine.
Hua crouched down and took a close look at the girl. Seconds later, she knew the girl was beyond saving.
Fu Hua: …
“Hua”: What happened here?
Little Girl: People all went crazy… Just now, everyone turned white… everyone… and they started to hack at each other…
Fu Hua: Just now? How long ago was that?
The Fenghuang Down shadow asked. The girl didn’t hear.
Little Girl: Save me, please! I don’t wanna die…
“Hua”: I will. I will.
Hua gently touched the girl’s forehead to comfort her. She looked at Hua and seemed to have something to say.
“Hua”: Wait for me, okay?
The girl nodded and slowly closed her eyes.
Fu Hua: What’s on your mind?
“Hua”: I’ll avenge her.
Fu Hua: This is not what she needs!
“Hua”: But this is all that I can do for her… You know she doesn’t have long.
“Hua”: …This is what I do best.
Fu Hua: Let’s keep on searching for other survivors. We have to at least try.
“Hua”: Sure.
Fu Hua: Do you feel that?
“Hua”: Yeah. There’s a giant beast over there, probably the culprit. Let’s go kill it.


Gameplay 21-9 - Grand Void:
Hua returned to the girl.
“Hua”: Hi.
Little Girl: …
“Hua”: It’s alright now. I’ve beaten the bad guys.
Hua ruffled her hair and smiled at her, trying to cheer her up.
“Hua”: Everyone is back to normal now, and you’ll be right as rain in a jiffy. Just relax.
Little Girl: …Okay.
The girl nodded relaxedly and began to study Hua with her big curious eyes.
Little Girl: Are you the Celestial?
“Hua”: Do you know me?
Little Girl: No… but you look like… the statue over there…
The girl looked over Hua’s shoulders.
Little Girl: See that statue over there? Grandpa told me that she’s a celestial being of Mount Taixuan, who protects us and saves people in danger…
Little Girl: That statue was built by my ancestors. I remember it used to be so beautiful and elegant before it was damaged…
“Hua”: That’s easy.
Hua made a slight wave, and in a white flash, grit rained down, the statue turning brand new.
“Hua”: Is this how it used to look?
Little Girl: Yes…
“Hua”: …
The girl closed her eyes and seemed to have fallen into a deep slumber.
Fu Hua: …You killed her?
“Hua”: I made her a dream.
“Hua”: In the dream, none of this has happened and she’s just a happy little girl.
“Hua”: You asked me to save her, but this is the best I can do.
Hua stood up and stared into the giant statue.
“Hua”: I look so good.
Fu Hua: …
“Hua”: You haven’t talked much today. Something bothering you?
“Hua”: It’s okay. I’m already in a bad mood, and you can’t possibly make it worse. Just say something. Anything.
Fu Hua: I once deployed an array of Xuanyuan Swords and Fenghuang Down in the mountains to protect them against the Honkai.
Fu Hua: But the Honkai devoured this place immediately after we got here. There’s only one explanation…
“Hua”: …Okay.
As she spoke, the Fenghuang Down shadow suddenly became blurred and dwindled.
“Hua”: I can shut your mouth or even make you disappear with a finger snap.
“Hua”: You’re a Fenghuang Down, a Herrscher from the Previous Era. You’re not to be trusted and I should have destroyed you.
“Hua”: But I respect you and offered you a place by my side. You seem to take my kindness for granted.
“Hua”: …Don’t try to mess with my mind again, Honkai.
As Hua walked away, the mighty power that had been oppressively clamping the shadow disappeared.
Fu Hua: …
The shadow knew she had very little power left.
Even so, there were things she had to do.


Hua walked on with her mind occupied by the shadow: Hua could easily break her, but she would not bend to Hua’s will.
Sometimes Hua would almost feel like the soul rested inside the plume was every bit as real as hers.
“Hua”: (Did I give her too much? Why did I create her in the first place?)
She knew the answer: right before death fell upon her, she did everything she could for a sliver of hope.
“Hua”: (That’s why she seems so… real.)
Hua looked to the shadow. Yes, that’s right. Frail as she seems, her presence is so strong… and unique.


[CHOICE] = You should “retrieve” her.


“Hua”: …But that way, she would vanish into thin air.
She fell silent and began to ponder hard. A moment later, she decided to change the topic.
“Hua”: It’s been a long time since I last talked to myself.


[CHOICE] = You no longer need yourself now that you have company.


“Hua”: …Nonsense!
Hua first sniffed at her inner voice, but after a while, she began to feel that the voice was implying something…
“Hua”: …Are you saying that I’m under her control? That I’ve become the feather’s puppet?
“Hua”: No, she has never tried to manipulate me, and she never can!


[CHOICE] = She is your past. She is pulling you back to the trajectory of your old self.


“Hua”: …


[CHOICE] = You want that? Do you wish to repeat your old and tragic stories?


“Hua”: …Hell no.
After a brief silence, a low voice inside her head sounded…


[CHOICE] = To conquer the outside world, you must first…


End your inner struggle…


Act 3 - B:
Gameplay 21-10 - Family:
The sun rose above the clouds and kept ascending slowly.
Hua reached out her hand for the warm glow. Sunshine flew through her fingers and ran down like a golden waterfall.
She tried it over and over before she finally dropped her hand with a childish smile.
“Hua”: Tell me about them.
Fu Hua: I told you already on the way here.
“Hua”: We were in a hurry.
Hua grinned.
“Hua”: …So, Otto did nothing after he killed me?
Fu Hua: Right, it was Himeko who awakened Kiana from within the Herrscher of the Void.
“Hua”: Did Himeko die?
Fu Hua: She fell into Imaginary Space. I haven’t heard of her since.
“Hua”: It’s a shame. She was an honorable fighter.
Hua said casually.
“Hua”: But wasn’t it my idea to give Himeko the Godsbane battlesuit? If Otto was against this, why didn’t he stop her?
Fu Hua: His goal was to awaken the Herrscher with “love”. Theresa or Himeko, it made no difference who was to be sacrificed.
“Hua”: So after all the twists, everything still went according to his plan. Haha, is he a god?
“Hua”: It’s almost like he’s the master of this world. No, he’s more like… the writer who decides how the story ends.
Fu Hua: You forget how miserable he was five hundred years ago.
Hua suddenly turned around, her big eyes glittering with the satisfaction of a successful prank.
“Hua”: But even he couldn’t have guessed my revival.
Fu Hua: He knew, and he cured this body.
“Hua”: No, he had not even the slightest clue. Oh I wish you were there when I broke him like a bad toy.
Fu Hua: …I’ve heard the story many times.
On the way here, Hua took every opportunity to tell her the humiliating defeat of the great Schicksal Overseer.
“Hua”: Haha, it still puts a big smile on my face every time I think about it. His innocent eyes were the best part.
Fu Hua: He merely transferred himself to another backup.
“Hua”: Eh, that counts as death to me all the same.
The big smile on Hua’s face was replaced by a solemn look.
“Hua”: I should have done this long ago.
“Hua”: This place reeks of the Honkai… How dare they make a mess in my hometown! I say we give it a spring cleaning, what do you think?
Fu Hua: There has never been such an intense Honkai energy reaction in Mount Taixuan.
“Hua”: Exercise is really healthy for both the body and mind, am I right?
Fu Hua: No.
Fu Hua: I can’t feel it.
“Hua”: A spring cleaning is a good idea… Ah, I’m starting to feel jaded.
“Hua”: What should I do? Where should I go? I can’t dally like this forever.
“Hua”: Alright, now that I’ve swept the place clean…
Hua threw out these words all of a sudden.
“Hua”: All this while I’ve been running and stalling, but I guess it’s time to face the music now.
Hua gave the Fenghuang Down shadow a brief smile.
“Hua”: How many feathers have I found here? Ten?
Fu Hua: …More.
“Hua”: Every one of them is a copy of me, and they’ve returned my power and memories. They’ve brought me closer to this world.
“Hua”: The break is over. I… must become Fu Hua now.
She reached her hand out.
“Hua”: Are you ready?


Gameplay 21-11 - Friends:
Fu Hua: You want me to return my power.
“Hua”: I want you to become part of me.
Fu Hua: …That’s impossible.
“Hua”: I know this is hard and I feel sorry. You’re a good partner. Sometimes you even feel like a sister to me.
Fu Hua: It’s not what you think.
Fu Hua: Go on, try it yourself. I’m not going to fight it. You can try to take me in.
“Hua”: Heh, your resistance would be pointless.
Her hand reached the plume. No resistance, just as the shadow said. But somehow, it slipped away.
She tried again and got the same result.
This plume and her… were like water and oil. They naturally repelled each other and couldn’t be mixed.
“Hua”: …Why?
Fu Hua: Because we’re different souls.
There was a certain sadness in her voice, but in Hua’s ears it sounded more like pity.
She hated pity more than anything else.
“Hua”: Different souls? You are the past and I’m the present, that’s all.
“Hua”: Is it that you believe you are more authentic than me, and that you are the one entitled to the Fu Hua name?
Hua hesitated before she let out what she thought were the cruelest words:
“Hua”: …Even if you’re just a feather?
Fu Hua: You know I’m right. It’s a fact.
“Hua”: Fact? The fact is, all other feathers submitted to me as soon as they saw me! And you’re the one that’s delusional!
“Hua”: …Your ignorance is keeping you from reality. You still live in the past, haunted by Dr. MEI!
“Hua”: Times have changed! We don’t have to play MANTIS anymore! Or Valkyrie! For the first time, we can truly be ourselves!
“Hua”: Watch this!
It only took a wave of her hand to change the view before them drastically.
“Hua”: Everything starts here. It’s my most vivid memory of my early years.
“Hua”: I should have realised this earlier… it all could be traced back to the very beginning. The thing that attacked Dad must have been a - (text cut-off)
“Hua”: My life had been corroded by the Honkai since long ago. But I didn’t really face it until the moment I stood here.
“Hua”: I don’t even remember this girl’s name… but I remember this scene clearly. Because we made our choice here… we chose to fight.
“Hua”: These are the heroic deeds you always talk about.
“Hua”: They are no longer a threat to us, no matter how many of them.
Fu Hua: So?
“Hua”: We’re strong now. We’re no longer anyone’s puppet. We’re the master of our own fate.
“Hua”: No one… no one can tell us what to do anymore…


Gameplay 21-12 - Lifelong Ties:
“Hua”: Do you remember her?
Fu Hua: I never forgot her.
“Hua”: Then you still remember the way she died, right?
“Hua”: She turned into a Herrscher at the Oceania Branch.
Fu Hua: …
“Hua”: We tried to save her. When we found her, she didn’t attack me. She said hello and smiled to me…
“Hua”: And then Dr. MEI gave Kevin the order to kill her.
“Hua”: Such irony. Whenever I think about Kiana now, our old captain would float up into my mind.
“Hua”: Back then, if only someone listened to me… if only Dr. MEI let me try…
“Hua”: But we were just soldiers with an order. We weren’t allowed our own voice. There was nothing we could do.
The rage and resentment in her voice shocked the Fenghuang Down shadow.
Fu Hua: Do you hate Dr. MEI?
“Hua”: No, she died long ago. And there are few enough left from our age. There’s no one for me to hate.
“Hua”: Only regret. The more memories I pick up, the more I regret about my past.
“Hua”: Why was I always obedient and hesitant? Why did I leave all the decisions to others?
“Hua”: …Why didn’t I fight for my own belief?
“Hua”: When Fuxi and Nuwa suggested boosting the civilisation development, though I knew it might cause unpredictable changes or even - (text cut-off)
Fu Hua: We can’t predict the future.
“Hua”: But we can take precautions. They were my assistants, I could’ve rejected their suggestion, and maybe there wouldn’t be so - (text cut-off)
“Hua”: …Back then, it was Nuwa who proposed to make up for her mistakes.
“Hua”: I could have forced her to stay and wait for my return, but I didn’t.
Fu Hua: The rampant Chiyou laid waste to half of the south seas, and many lives were lost.
“Hua”: I don’t get it. Whenever there’s war, there’s sacrifice. Why would I value the lives of strangers over my dear friend?
“Hua”: Why didn’t I put everything aside and rush to the south seas to take out Chiyou as soon as possible?
Fu Hua: …it was for the greater good.
“Hua”: Nonsense! Who decided what the greater good was? Dr. MEI? Look around, what has this greater good brought us?
“Hua”: …By the time I arrived, Chiyou was already sealed, and only some of his minions were left.
Fu Hua: I… also regret this deeply.
“Hua”: Because you are me and you can feel my pain. See, we can relate to each other.
“Hua”: Come on, don’t dwell on it. Looking back now, I’ve made more mistakes than I can possibly count.


Gameplay 21-13 - Blood Debts:
Fu Hua: Is this… the Kipchak Steppe?
“Hua”: Yes. Five hundred years ago, the Schicksal crusaders were here.
The Fenghuang Down shadow looked around.
“Hua”: Don’t bother. The little pricks aren’t here. They played no major part in this war anyway. Their faces disgust me.
Fu Hua: I thought they were one of the mistakes you talked about.
“Hua”: Yeah, obviously, but they’re a part of the reason I am who I am now. My memory is fading. Is Lingshuang still around?
Fu Hua: It’s been five hundred years.
“Hua”: …Oh, that’s a pity. The kid was a real monster. You didn’t tell Kevin about her, did you?
Fu Hua: He knows.
“Hua”: Oh, that’s why he feels so confident about his Project STIGMA. Such a perfect example for him to follow.
“Hua”: This is real war, actual hell on earth. The damage caused by Chiyou is nothing compared to the war between two powers. But - (text cut-off)
“Hua”: Human lives no longer matter in the war against the Honkai? It doesn’t make any sense. Where’s Dr. MEI’s “for humanity’s wellbeing” - (text cut-off)
Fu Hua: War is an essential step in the development of civilisation, it’s nature’s way. We fight against the Honkai because it goes against nature.
“Hua”: Whatever, you always know what to say.
“Hua”: You know what, this girl was the real culprit. She started it all.
Fu Hua: Kallen Kaslana?
“Hua”: I spared her life and gave her some free tips before she returned to Europe, betrayed her church, and got executed.
“Hua”: Her death kept Otto alive till now. He seized the throne, set Europe ablaze and then came to mess up Shenzhou.
“Hua”: Otto should take all the credit for the spread of the Honkai in this age. He is responsible for much of our miseries.
“Hua”: And his transformation from a lovestruck boy to a heartless crook all started on this day.
“Hua”: If we killed Kallen and the Otto protecting her on that day, everything would be different.
Fu Hua: …Even if you changed the past, the present wouldn’t necessarily be better.
“Hua”: Okay, talking about the past, Schicksal took the Divine Keys from the MOTHs and used them to wage wars.
“Hua”: They even invaded Shenzhou and left a long trail of blood and fire in their wake. Why was it allowed to exist?
“Hua”: Their crusaders should have been destroyed here and the Divine Keys should have been returned to us.
“Hua”: Hahahaha!
Hua reached out her hand and crushed the Otto standing before Kallen effortlessly.
“Hua”: See? It’s easy!
Kallen was next. Like a candle in a storm, her fire of life was extinguished in a wink.
Fu Hua: Stop!
“Hua”: Come on, you know these are all fake. It’s my fantasy land and I can do whatever the hell I want.
Fu Hua: You still don’t understand? After all this?
“Hua”: Understand what?
Hua sneered at the shadow.
“Hua”: I understand how much power I have, and what responsibilities rest on my shoulders!
“Hua”: More importantly, I understand how to make it all happen!
“Hua”: Without Dr. MEI, Otto, Kevin, or his World Serpent! I, Fu Hua, will deliver humanity from the Honkai, once and for all!
Fu Hua: No… I can’t allow that.
“Hua”: You’re so good at ruining my mood.
Fu Hua: Can’t you see? You’re not who you think you are.
“Hua”: Oh, here we go again. Sorry to break it to you, but you are… just a tiny puny feather. Stop lying to yourself.
Fu Hua: Listen, this body doesn’t belong to you. You’re different, and there are a lot of things that don’t add up.
Fu Hua: Think carefully: Fenghuang Down was destroyed, and you only have a few plumes. Why are you able to create illusions?
“Hua”: …Fenghuang Down was with me for so long that it became muscle memory.
Fu Hua: No, it requires more to build illusions this strong.
“Hua”: Enough!
Fu Hua: You’ve finally found out.
“Hua”: Found out what? Nothing! You’re just a feather and you don’t get to tell me who I am.
Fu Hua: A soulless body won’t grow consciousness on its own and awaken like you did.
“Hua”: Shut up!
Fu Hua: You’re not fighting the Honkai. You crippled Schicksal HQ and the World Serpent base. You’re enforcing the Honkai’s will.
Fu Hua: No matter how hard you try to justify your actions, you brought only one thing: destruction.
“Hua”: …
Fu Hua: Because you’re a Herrscher.


“Hua”: …
Hua lowered her head and seemed to ponder what these words meant… but the real Fu Hua knew she was trying to escape.
“Hua”: …
She was thinking hard of an idea to deny all the accusations. She needed to steer the conversation in her favor.
Fu Hua kept waiting, expecting her to accept the truth and repent. Fu Hua saw something special in this Herrscher.
“Hua”: You said I’m a Herrscher.
Her test was over.
“Hua”: You saw how many Honkai beasts I’ve slain. I doubt the Honkai would ever tolerate such an unfaithful disciple like me.
Fu Hua: Herrschers of this age are different: Joyce, Welt, and Kiana are all Herrschers fighting against the Honkai.
“Hua”: …In that case, does it still matter if I’m a Herrscher or not as long as I’m on humanity’s side?
Fu Hua: What you think doesn’t matter, but what you do does. You claim to fight for humanity, but only the Honkai benefits.
Fu Hua: You attacked Schicksal and World Serpent, the most committed Honkai resistances in this world. Anti-Entropy might be next.
“Hua”: I won’t attack Anti-Entropy… but I don’t trust them. They have Kiana, Bronya, and Mei… all of them are Herrschers now.
“Hua”: Not to mention Theresa and Seele, who are also ideal Herrscher material. I suspect it’s all part of Otto’s plan.
“Hua”: I’ll never be Otto’s pawn again…
“Hua”: You accuse me of being a Herrscher, but you have no hard evidence, and you can’t prove I’m a valid threat either.
“Hua”: Let me ask you this: why are you so sure you’re right?
“Hua”: You say I’m possessed by the Will of the Honkai, but look at you! You have no form, and your vessel is a Herrscher Core.
“Hua”: Between you and me, I believe you look a lot more like a traitor of humanity!
Fu Hua: No, I’m not.
“Hua”: Well, I can say the same, but what’s the point?
She suddenly picked up her pitch and tried to act friendly.
“Hua”: Look, we’re all alone here and I could easily erase you from existence, but I didn’t. Why?
“Hua”: Because you’re my friend! You’re a part of me and I like you! I won’t kill you simply because you offended me.
She looked to Fu Hua with the same eagerness as when a student expects praise from the teacher.
Fu Hua: …That’s only proof that you don’t know who you are.
Fu Hua said in a soft but firm voice.
Fu Hua: You spared me, but not because of your fondness.
Fu Hua: You need someone else to support and appreciate you, that’s all.
“Hua”: Ahhh! You’re impossible!
“Hua”: I can’t believe we’re having this conversation!


“Hua”: Eh?


CG plays wherein the Helios arrives in Mount Taixuan.


“Hua”: …Kiana and Bronya?
Fu Hua: Don’t get them involved.
“Hua”: Heheh…
“Hua”: Relax, I just need a small favor from them.
“Hua”: The argument we’re having is pointless. We need someone else to decide who is right and who is the real Fu Hua.
“Hua”: It will be settled soon…
“Hua” pointed to the sky.
“Hua”: …Now that we have two judges.
Back to now…


The same CG plays again, looping back to when the two girls open the doors to Fog Mount Temple, entering onto the hand of “Hua”.








































































Game Ch XXII: Me and Myself


Act 1 - A:
Gameplay 22-1 - I:
No one foresaw the 8th Herrscher’s birth.
Healthy, strong, and with great Honkai adaptability: this was a perfect body.
The best part was that the body was soulless… the original owner left this shell behind for the Honkai to nest in.
It never occurred to the desperate Fu Hua, the conceited Otto, or Kevin, who still had a soft spot for his old friend.
Ironically, it was the most devoted fighters of the Honkai that played major roles in the birth of the 8th Herrscher.


“Hua”: Took you long enough. I’m out of patience.
“Hua”: Just a few memory fragments, and I even arranged a guide for you. Why did it take this long for you?
Kiana and Bronya: …
“Hua”: Ah… got spooked?
“Hua”: Sorry, this was meant as a surprise. Guess I overdid it.
Bronya: Who are you?
Hua noticed that Kiana and Bronya both took a step back.
“Hua”: I’m getting that a lot lately. Too much, actually. Why, I’m still Fu Hua. It’s not like I had plastic surgery.
“Hua”: Dammit, everyone is giving me this bullshit…
Kiana: You look like Fu Hua, but you’re different.
“Hua”: Well, you’re just not used to the new me.
“Hua”: Come on, they’d like to speak with you. You’ll explain to them. And not a word more.
Fu Hua: …
Kiana: …Ah!
The illusion dissipated, the bizarre scene being replaced by the age-old Mount Taixuan.
Fu Hua: Hi, Kiana and Bronya… how are you doing?
Bronya: …!
Kiana: Fu Hua!
Fu Hua: Ugh…
An overwhelming pressure sealed her lips and forbid her to spit out another word.
“Hua”: I said only explanation and nothing more. Play fair and don’t try to cheat.
“Hua”: Just tell them who I am.
Fu Hua: I’m the Fenghuang Down that once spoke to you, and she is… the Fu Hua killed by Otto.
“Hua”: …Feels weird, but I guess this will do.
With a finger snap, the Fenghuang Down vanished.
Kiana: What did you do with Fu Hua?
Bronya: …
“Hua”: Hey, easy now! I’m just giving her a short break!
Bronya: The Bronya cannot trust you.
“Hua”: But why?
Bronya: The Bronya detects ill intentions from you.
Bronya: Why build a simulated Mount Taixuan? Why expose us to Fu Hua’s past memories?
Bronya: And, why mislead us by employing Lin Zhaoyu’s false image? You could have approached us in person.
“Hua”: …First, the mountain is no fake. I just modified it a bit to fit in my narrative. This is the true Mount Taixuan.
“Hua”: Second, my intention is to allow you to know me better.
“Hua”: Before, I kept everything to myself and never spoke my mind, but I’ve changed and I’ll be totally honest with you.
“Hua”: I’ll show you my past failures, mistakes, and pigheadedness. All the things I did wrong.
“Hua”: …So that you can arrive at the correct verdict.
Bronya: Verdict?
“Hua”: Third, me stepping out from behind the curtain would simply ruin the whole play, don’t you think?
“Hua”: …As it happens, there’s a poor girl sealed within my head, and she has a full set of memories and personality.
Fu Hua: You shouldn’t have done that…
The Fenghuang Down said to Hua softly in her head, but she paid no heed.
“Hua”: Anyway, I made good use of her and gave her full autonomy. It’s good acting only when you don’t know you’re acting.
Kiana: But why?
Bronya: You played us, for what purpose?
“Hua”: Played?!
Hua seemed to take it as a huge offense.
“Hua”: Were you hurt? Did I put you in danger? I watched you every step of the way to ensure your safety.
“Hua”: …And in the end, you repaid my kindness with harsh accusations.
Kiana: …
Bronya: …
Kiana and Bronya exchanged their suspicious looks.
Little did they know about the true intent of this Fu Hua lookalike, but they were sure of one thing: she is dangerous.
Bronya: Don’t be fooled Kiana, she’s just like us.
Kiana: Yeah, and we’re taking Fu Hua back from her.
“Hua”: Huh? You two wanna fight me?
“Hua”: Okay, I guess I have no choice but to persuade you with my fists.
“Hua”: Oh, you’re an incomplete Herrscher?
“Hua”: I see. You suppressed your power and only fight with the portion you can control.
“Hua”: Well done, Kiana. Don’t lose to the Honkai.
“Hua”: So Welt Yang passed the Core onto you.
“Hua”: His life is wretched enough, and he chose you to succeed that ill fate.
“Hua”: This Core brings only misfortune to anyone who has ever touched it.
“Hua”: Bronya, you should give it up.
“Hua”: One and a half Herrschers. I have to say I’m not impressed.
“Hua”: Well, it’s not your fault I guess. I’m simply way stronger.
Kiana: No gap at all.
“Hua”: I didn’t even use the feathers. Kiana, Bronya, check out your class monitor’s true strength. I’m all new now from head to toe.
Bronya: What to do now?
Fu Hua: Shh… it’s me.
Fu Hua’s voice suddenly sounded within their heads.
Fu Hua: She’s now too psyched to notice me. Listen, Kiana and Bronya, she is a Herrscher.
Kiana: That’s what I suspected.
“Hua”: You don’t want to fight anymore? Good, I just wanted to talk…
Fu Hua: She has possessed my body. Seems like my memories have confused her and made her believe she is me.
“Hua”: Huh? What are you doing?
Bronya: Kiana, you work out a solution with Fu Hua. The Bronya will stall her.
Bronya: Project Bunny, ride on!
“Hua”: Want to fight more? Kiana, you’re not in?
Kiana: …
“Hua”: Kiana is certainly the more sensible one. Never mind, I thought it over and two judges might be too much.
“Hua”: What if your two votes tie up? Not to mention we weren’t exactly that close, Bronya…
“Hua”: I’ll let you race to your heart’s content!


CG plays wherein Hua creates an illusion of Arc City to fight Bronya in.


…In the eyes of the Honkai, this Herrscher is as perfect as she can be.
However, as just Otto’s oversight accidentally sent Fu Hua’s body into the Honkai’s embrace, nuances make big differences.
A new Honkai persona awakened within Fu Hua’s body.
It was simple at the beginning, until the Honkai forged its self-identity which was then mixed with Fu Hua’s own memory.
In every previous case of Herrschers, the Honkai always managed to take control in the vessel, but Fu Hua was different.
Memories of millennia from Fu Hua’s past swept over like ocean tides, overwhelming the newly born Honkai persona.
Without further external interference, the Honkai gave in to the Fu Hua identity and lost total control in the new body.
This had never happened before since the Honkai came to be.


Gameplay 22-2 - You:
Fu Hua: (Listen Kiana, Bronya won’t hold out long. She’ll find out as soon as we’re not able to keep her distracted.)
Fu Hua: (She has everything I had in my prime, and with her Herrscher powers, she’s even more unstoppable.)
Fu Hua: (Without a sound strategy, we don’t stand a chance against her.)
Kiana: (What should I do?)
Fu Hua: (You have to challenge her belief.)
Kiana: (Challenge her?)
Fu Hua: (She believes she is the one and only Fu Hua… that’s her core drive behind every move.)
Fu Hua: (But deep down, she is just an infant. There’s still kindness and reason within her. The Honkai has not fully taken over.)
Fu Hua: (When she realises she’s not who she believes she is, she will panic and her Herrscher power will fail her.)
Fu Hua: (That’s her only weakness and our only chance.)
Fu Hua: (But we’re not trying to destroy her. Remember, Kiana… don’t push her into the abyss of the Honkai…)
On the other side…
The Herrscher of Reason used her mobility to keep the distance between her and Hua.
But the cannon barrage caused very little trouble for Hua.
…It was over.
Bronya knew she stood no chance in Hua’s illusion.
But to create an opening for Fu Hua, she did everything she could.
Bronya: I hope… it’s not too late.
“Hua”: …What’s too late?
Her thoughts failed to escape Hua’s grasp.
“Hua”: (Something’s not right. Bronya…)
It took Hua only seconds to come to a rough idea of their plan.
“Hua”: Hey, old timer…
Fu Hua: Do not call me that.
“Hua”: Oh… you’re still around.
Fu Hua: Of course.
“Hua”: I wasn’t paying attention, and I thought you slipped off… Maybe I’m overreacting?
Fu Hua shook her head.
Fu Hua: I’m still here.
“Hua”: Oh, never mind then.
With a wave of her hand, the illusion dispersed.
“Hua”: Thank you, Kiana, for having faith in me.
Kiana: …She fell asleep.
“Hua”: She got too careless. Wielding the 1st Herrscher’s power is no joke. Didn’t end well for any men before her. Let her rest now.
“Hua”: You’re all I need.
“Hua”: It’s simple: I’m having a teeny-weeny argument with her, and we’ll let you be the judge.
“Hua”: Who do you think is the real Fu Hua?
Kiana: (She’s a Herrscher that stole Fu Hua’s body… but the Honkai has not yet controlled her. To save Fu Hua, I need to make her doubt herself…)
Kiana: (The real Fu Hua is held hostage by the Herrscher… She can’t really help me now.)
“Hua”: Just follow your heart. What do you think? The stronger, more sensible one? Or the pitiful antique within the feather?
Kiana: (...What do I do now?)


[CHOICE] = “Hua”
“Hua”: Haha, I thought so.


[CHOICE] = Fu Hua
“Hua”: …What? You chose her?


Kiana: This isn’t fair.
“Hua”: Come on, nothing in this world is ever fair.
Kiana: You asked me to reach a verdict, but I know nothing about you.
Kiana: You showed me Fu Hua’s past, but claimed to be entirely different from the old you, which confuses me even more.
Kiana: All I know is that you set up a trap in this mountain and fooled me and Bronya.
Kiana: How in the world can you expect me to arrive at a just verdict?
“Hua”: …
Speechless, Hua stared at Fu Hua with her eyes wide open and soon redirected her gaze at Kiana.
“Hua”: You don’t say… That’s a good point.
“Hua”: I thought you’d pick her. After all, you two have a history and you can be easily biased.
“Hua”: It’s my fault, Kiana. I should have introduced myself properly first.
“Hua”: At least I should let you know… the differences between me and that old timer.


The Honkai persona sensed the brewing of a crisis.
No… the crisis had reared its head long ago.
In this era, the world had come to a better appreciation of what it means to be human.
Emotions, desires, and instincts… things that defy the cold rationalism of the Previous Era now define humanity.
The betrayal of the 1st Herrscher…
The awakening of the 2nd Herrscher…
The 3rd Herrscher…
…
The Honkai has to stop this chain of events.
Something has to be done against humanity’s resistance.
???: Hey, wake up! You’ve been asleep for too long.
And so, within the subconsciousness of the new Herrscher, a voice began to whisper.
The Newly Born: Who are you?
???: Know that I’m your Id. I am the primal and truest form of you.
The voice answered…
???: Try and remember. You are…


Gameplay 22-3 - Who:
The illusion spread out once again.
Kiana: This is…
“Hua”: Yeah, it’s when you just turned Herrscher.
“Hua”: To show you how much I’ve changed, there’s no better way to let you relive the past yourself.
“Hua”: See? The past me was corrupted by Otto and committed countless crimes for him.
“Hua”: The reason behind that? My obsession with Project EMBER and the fact that he once saved me.
“Hua”: But then again, is Project EMBER really important? Letting humanity evolve without intervention can be the worst.
“Hua”: You build a boat when you run into water, that’s how humanity moves forward. Project EMBER is just Dr. MEI’s hubris.
“Hua”: As for the life saving… humph, I’m pretty sure I could have handled the situation myself just fine.
Fu Hua: …
“Hua”: Just speak your mind. Feel free to correct me. Kiana can be the judge.
Fu Hua: There’s no point dwelling on the past.
“Hua”: But you’re nothing more than the past.
Hua pointed to the her in the illusion.
“Hua”: The old me would do others’ bidding for “future”, “hope”, “victory”, and other vacant words with no questions asked.
“Hua”: Someone says “go this way”, and I just do it. I’d leave all the thinking to MEI, to Otto.
“Hua”: But giving up on thinking only means one thing: running away from your responsibility. I won’t run again.
“Hua”: Ever since my revival, I never stopped thinking…
“Hua”: If it were me, I’d never listen to a single word of the blonde boy.
“Hua”: Rita… the loyal Schicksal servant girl.
“Hua”: Can you believe it? In today’s world, she still does laundry and sweeping with her own hands.
“Hua”: She’s such a big mystery to me. Does she truly have a mind of her own?
“Hua”: Or is it a curse from Otto, that he took away the ability to think from everyone in contact with him?
“Hua”: Humph, just thinking about this makes me furious.
“Hua”: To have mercy for your enemies is a cruelty to yourself. I couldn’t see it before…
“Hua”: So? Do you see our gap now?
Kiana: But Fu Hua… she later stood up against Rita for us…
“Hua”: Humph, she was just riding the fence and struggling with her mind, but me… I always have a clear plan before I take action.
“Hua”: The past me had another problem: indecision.
“Hua”: She caught you only to change her mind later and let you go. But I’m different. I have way more resolve.
“Hua”: No matter what I do, I always follow through till the end without regret.
Kiana: Really?
“Hua”: Of course. There are consequences to everything we do. I won’t repeat my past mistakes ever again.
Kiana: Well, what would you have done back then?
“Hua”: Um…
Kiana: You knew what went down at the time…
Kiana: The 2nd Herrscher had the better of me…
Kiana: At that time, I was the single greatest threat to the world.
Kiana: What would you have done?
Hua fell silent.
Fu Hua: (Well done, Kiana.)
Kiana: (If she was put on the spot, I think she would…)
“Hua”: If it were me…
“Hua”: I’d have killed you right there and then.
“Hua”: Of course, I was a lot weaker than now…
“Hua”: But the 2nd Herrscher wasn’t in her full form then. I’d still beat her with everything I’ve got.
“Hua”: Kiana, don’t blame me.
“Hua”: Your awakening was a one-in-a-million miracle. If it happens again, you won’t be able to resist the Herrscher’s mind corruption.
“Hua”: We’ve seen the cost of having mercy for Herrschers. We can’t afford that.
Kiana: You don’t believe humanity can harness the power of Herrschers? That all Herrschers must be taken out?
“Hua”: …
“Hua”: Defeating Herrschers with love… Otto says that all the time. I don’t buy it… no, it’s more like…
Hua bit her lip hard.
“Hua”: I dunno! I dunno! If it were me, I’d have taken resolute action and wiped out the Herrscher.
“Hua”: I can’t risk it! I won’t risk it!
Kiana: …
Fu Hua didn’t speak to her in her head, but she felt encouraged: she did plant doubts in the Herrscher’s head.
Kiana: Alright, you’d have killed me. Then what?
“Hua”: After that…
Hua pondered the question with a cruel smile creeping up her face.
“Hua”: After that… I’d rip Otto apart.
She made no effort to cover her murderous intent while gazing at the Schicksal Overseer.
“Hua”: He’s just a scumbag, a pawn in Dr. MEI’s game.
“Hua”: Can’t believe I let him play me like a fiddle all these years…
“Hua”: He’s just a clown.
Hua waved her hand forcefully, driving away some imaginary buzzing fly.
“Hua”: …?!
Defying her will, the illusion of Otto didn’t vanish.
In the illusion’s hand, the golden plume gave off a soft and warm glow.
“Hua”: Oh right, he can simulate Fenghuang Down too… Curse the Void Archives!
“Hua”: Dammit, I didn’t create this illusory world just to be humiliated by some laughable clown!
Hua grumbled and gritted her teeth with anger and frustration mixed together.
Kiana: (Fu Hua, was it you?)
Fu Hua: (My power has drained away. That’s the best I can do now.)
As Otto’s illusion shattered, the Herrscher’s bitter grunt still went on.


Kiana was shaking the Herrscher’s fundamental beliefs.
Fu Hua: (Good job, Kiana.)
In the plume, Fu Hua thought so.
She was so weak that a simple move like that almost exhausted her.
She was now entirely at the mercy of the Herrscher like a newly born baby.
It never occurred to the Herrscher that this dwindling feather could be attempting to take her down.
It didn’t make sense. If she dies, the attached feather would vanish in a wink.
The Herrscher refused to entertain this possibility from the very beginning.
And that was the defining difference between her and the real Fu Hua.
Fu Hua: (This has to be the last time…)
Ready for a martyr’s death, Fu Hua felt a whiff of regret and shame when her life was about to end…
Fu Hua: (Sorry…)


Gameplay 22-4 - What:
“Hua”: …How about it, Kiana? Isn’t that enough?
Hua almost shouted to her with a growing impatience.
Kiana: Hmm, I’ve seen your tough side.
“Hua”: …You sound weird.
Kiana: But that’s the fighter Fu Hua. What about the everyday Fu Hua, the St. Freya student?
Kiana: Back in Arc City, she helped me get through the most difficult time… with a gentle and caring heart.
Kiana: At that time, she had lost her body and almost all her power, but she still did her best to help me.
Kiana: What would you have done if you were put in her shoes?
“Hua”: I’d help you with everything I’ve got, of course.
Hua replied without thinking.
“Hua”: …But I gotta say it’s hard to picture myself without my body.
“Hua”: I doubt something like this will ever happen again now that I’ve come to such unrivaled power.
Fu Hua: I can recreate the scenario for you.
“Hua”: You again! You just won’t give me a break, huh?
“Hua”: But alright, I guess it won’t hurt. You can have some of my power for now.
“Hua”: …What is this place?
Fu Hua: Heliopolis, the World Serpent’s front company.
Fu Hua: Kiana infiltrated this place to intercept important intel.
“Hua”: Ha, infiltration? No one knows that better than me! With Fenghuang Down, I can go anywhere like a ghost.
“Hua”: Come on, Kiana, let’s try it on some random goon!
Deranged Soldier: Intruder found!
“Hua”: Huh? Wait, this guy isn’t human!
“Hua”: My power doesn’t work on it…
Kiana: …You’ve exposed us.
“Hua”: …Doesn’t matter. Just kill them all!
“Hua”: Kill everything that breathes so that no one will know what you did. That’s my approach!
“Hua”: Watch this!
“Hua”: This won’t be my first time dealing with World Serpent goons. I’m quite the expert now!
“Hua”: This experience involves a certain figure named Jackal, right? How about I summon her out for more fun?
“Hua”: Haha, you’re no match for me!
Kiana: Fu Hua was weak. She wasn’t able to fight enemies head-on like this.
“Hua”: Sorry, I didn’t mean it, but putting on a weak appearance isn’t my forte.
Kiana: You cannot sympathise with the weak and helpless?
“Hua”: That’s not accurate… um… you should say that I’d never wish to become weak.
Kiana: …Perhaps that’s the biggest difference between you two.
“Hua”: Yeah, exactly. The past me could have been strong, if not for her weak people mentality. But I’m different.
“Hua”: I’ll crush anyone in my way and have everything I want. If anything goes against my will, I will turn it around.
Kiana: So you’d use your power to the fullest extent just because you can?
“Hua”: …
Kiana: The Fu Hua I know… is a tough fighter with a gentle heart.
“Hua”: Ugh, you weren’t listening! I said I’m not her. The question for you is which of us is the better one.
Kiana: You mean to say you’re not Fu Hua?
“Hua”: …Of course I am! Only… new and different.
“Hua”: Why are you all clinging to the past? Aren’t I much better? What did she accomplish? Nothing but failures!
“Hua”: And I… I never fail! I killed Otto! I beat Kevin! What’s not to like about the new me?!
Kiana: …Maybe.
Kiana: Yes, you throw heavier punches than Fu Hua and nobody can stop you.
Kiana: You might be a better fighter…
“Hua”: Uh-huh.
Kiana: But you’re definitely not the Fu Hua we know.
Kiana: You asked the wrong people… these two standing before you have built deep bonds with the Fu Hua you so despise.
Kiana: We don’t care what kind of person Fu Hua should be… She’s the only Fu Hua that we know and love.
Kiana: She’s our friend.
Kiana: You can never replace her.
“Hua”: …
“Hua”: …
“Hua”: …
“Hua”: So that’s your answer?
“Hua”: You chose… her? Her?
“Hua”: I’m not Fu Hua, she is… That’s your answer?
Hua began to shudder uncontrollably.
She lifted up her frowning face, lips bleeding from hard biting. Instead of a Herrscher, Kiana saw an aggrieved child.
“Hua”: You’re an idiot!!!


“Hua”: Idiot! Fool! Moron!
“Hua”: You… you…
She was burning with rage, yet the very next moment, the fire went out. She threw a question with interrogative eyes.
“Hua”: You made up your mind at the very beginning, right? You never treated my question seriously. It wasn’t a choice.
Kiana: …
“Hua”: And she… she’s been helping you the whole time. You…
Hua closed her eyes. Her clenched fists began to shiver violently.
“Hua”: This is… unfair.
“Hua”: So you just want the old Fu Hua back, right? Here you are!
A phoenix quill emerged out of thin air and hovered right before Kiana.
“Hua”: If it’s her you want, take her! She’s all yours now!
Kiana: Fu Hua…
Kiana carefully cupped the quill. It was soft and weightless, but the familiar presence of Fu Hua was unmistakable.
Fu Hua: The restrictions on me are gone now, Kiana…
“Hua”: Yeah, and kiss your pathetic life goodbye! I won’t share an ounce of my power with you anymore! Just die!
“Hua”: Die! Every single one of you!
Kiana tried to fuel some Honkai energy into the quill using the Edge of Taixuan, but the energy refused to go in.
Fu Hua: Don’t waste your time on me, Kiana. There are more important tasks at hand.
“Hua”: You should listen to her. Fenghuang Down is not something you can meddle with!
Kiana: No… there’s a way.
Kiana said in a low but assured voice.
Kiana: We will take back your body, Fu Hua.
Fu Hua: No, Kiana, she’s too dangerous!
Without any hesitation, Kiana stood up and summoned her Subspace Lances.
Kiana: Maybe, but I’m not losing anyone and standing idle.
“Hua”: …Idiot.
“Hua”: Are you two in a soap opera? Makes me sick!
“Hua”: Looks like the old timer didn’t tell you everything. Even if you beat me by some miracle, she’ll still die!
“Hua”: This body belongs to me! Without her power she can never claim this body, and without my body, she’ll never recover.
“Hua”: You see? This is a dead end… dead end! She’s a goner for sure, hahahah…
Kiana: …
Nevertheless, Kiana still clenched the lances.
“Hua”: …
“Hua”: …Idiot.
The Herrscher lowered her head.
“Hua”: Well, if a duel is what you want, then a duel is what you get!
Answering her voice, the whole world started to twist and turn into a massive vortex and threads of light flew out.
“Hua”: Kiana, old timer, since you won’t see reason, expect no mercy from me.
“Hua”: For friends I have love, but for enemies, wrath is all I have.
“Hua”: Behold, the true form of Phoenix, the true form of Fu Hua!


CG plays wherein Hua at last unleashes her full Herrscher powers, those of the 8th Herrscher, the Herrscher of Sentience.


Act 2 - B:
Gameplay 22-5 - Me!:
“Herrscher of Sentience”: I’ve yet to taste defeat since my revival.
“Herrscher of Sentience”: Hmph… Kiana.
“Herrscher of Sentience”: How do you compare yourself to the likes of Otto, Kevin, and Durandal?
“Herrscher of Sentience”: You don’t stand a chance, fool!
“Herrscher of Sentience”: Too afraid to use your Herrscher powers? You called me a Herrscher, so you’ll need your best to fight me.
“Herrscher of Sentience”: You think you’ve got a pair of keen eyes, don’t you?
“Herrscher of Sentience”: Well, can you find me?
“Herrscher of Sentience”: Okay, Kiana… I’m all fairness. I’ll fight your guns with a spear to give you some edge.
Kiana: I don’t need your stupid edge!
“Herrscher of Sentience”: Whatever.
“Herrscher of Sentience”: Watch out, I’m spicing things up a bit!
“Herrscher of Sentience”: Pay attention! You can’t even recognise me?
“Herrscher of Sentience”: What now, Kiana? Is that all you’ve got?
“Herrscher of Sentience”: Listen carefully now. Apologise to me and we can put this all behind us!
“Herrscher of Sentience”: Coo…
“Herrscher of Sentience”: It’s pitch dark… Feeling desperate now?
Kiana: Where is it?
Fu Hua: Kiana…
Fu Hua: I’ll guide you…


Gameplay 22-6 - Me!!:
“Herrscher of Sentience”: Come on!
“Herrscher of Sentience”: Hey, check these out! True blade waves!
“Herrscher of Sentience”: Taste this!
“Herrscher of Sentience”: Come on!
“Herrscher of Sentience”: How about this!
“Herrscher of Sentience”: How about this!
“Herrscher of Sentience”: How about this!
“Herrscher of Sentience”: …Dammit!
“Herrscher of Sentience”: I can see your weaknesses!


Gameplay 22-7 - Me!!!:
“Herrscher of Sentience”: Can you finally see it now, Kiana? I’m way stronger than you!
“Herrscher of Sentience”: You can’t beat me. Never!
“Herrscher of Sentience”: Think about it! This fight is pointless. It doesn’t change anything.
“Herrscher of Sentience”: This world needs my power. It needs me!
“Herrscher of Sentience”: You’re destined to lose to me.
Fu Hua: As long as I’m still here, Kiana…
“Herrscher of Sentience”: Whatever damage you deal to me, I can recover in a blink, but you’re becoming weaker and weaker. Never mess with a MANTIS.
Kiana: Yeah, you’re right, but… this isn’t reality. Just a fantasy space created by you!
“Herrscher of Sentience”: …You think that gives you a better chance? You can’t be more delusional.
Kiana: Fu Hua… she hasn’t given up.
“Herrscher of Sentience”: That’s because I spared her pitiful life!


…


Special CG [Shattered Samsara] plays:
Fu Hua: I can only provide limited support.
Fu Hua: Make good use of it, Kiana!
“Herrscher of Sentience”: It ends here!
“Herrscher of Sentience”: Dammit… How could this how could this how could this be?!
“Herrscher of Sentience”: Can’t you two just do as I say?!
“Herrscher of Sentience”: Curses! Curses! Curses!
“Herrscher of Sentience”: You…
“Herrscher of Sentience”: Insolent fools!
“Herrscher of Sentience”: Imbeciles!
“Herrscher of Sentience”: Why do you get in my way? Why do you help that clown out?
“Herrscher of Sentience”: Why?!
“Herrscher of Sentience”: You’re all…
“Herrscher of Sentience”: Losers!
Kiana: This is Fu Hua’s…
Fu Hua: Kiana, harness your power.
Fu Hua: Recollect what I taught you.
Kiana and Fu Hua: It is the origin of change, the impetus behind creation, and cannot be restricted by form.
Kiana: It is the Edge of Taixuan’s…
Kiana: Eminence.
“Herrscher of Sentience”: How can I ever lose to the likes of you!
Kiana: Fu Hua…
Kiana: Was never… a loser!
Kiana: …Ah!
Fu Hua: Thank you, Kiana.
Fu Hua: Leave the Herrscher to me.
Fu Hua: The illusion is dissolving.
Fu Hua: You must return.
Fu Hua: We say goodbye…
Fu Hua: For the last time…
Kiana: Wait, Fu Hua!
Kiana: There should be another way!
Fu Hua: Perhaps…
Fu Hua: But this is my mission.
Kiana: Enough.
Kiana: Why is it always like this?
Kiana: Trading sacrifices for so-called victories.
Kiana: It’s unacceptable.
Kiana: Give Fu Hua back to me!
Otto: I did not lie, Master Jingwei.
Fu Hua: I’ve endured too many betrayals and deceptions.
Kiana: Fu Hua, I’d never trick you!
???: Lixue can only accompany you for so long.
Fu Hua: Those who trusted me were harmed by me.
Kiana: Hehe.
Kiana: I’m tougher than that! I’ll shrug it off!
Fu Hua: No matter how hard I tried, I could not stop time.
Fu Hua: In the end… I’m still alone.
Kiana: I won’t let you become alone!
Fu Hua: Kiana!
Fu Hua: Why are you here?
Fu Hua: If the seal is broken…
Kiana: Shut it!
Kiana: I’ll just wreck her good again!
Kiana: Wanna run away from me?
Kiana: Not a chance!
This world is ever-changing.
I have grown accustomed to parting and despair.
I have lost touch with time.
I struggle in the samsara only in the hope of achieving…
My mission.
Everything changed here and now.


[Rubia] - Song Lyrics:
Life blooms like a flower
Far away or by the road
Waiting for the one
To find the way back home
Rain falls a thousand times
No footprints of come-and-go
You who once went by
Where will you belong
I feel your sigh and breath
In the last blow of wind
Not yet for the story on the last page
It’s not the end
Life blooms like a flower
Far away or by the road
Waiting for the one
To find the way back home
Time flows across the world
There is always a longer way to go
Till I reach your arms
A madder there for you
Up against the stream
Waterways will join as one
Tracing to the source
No more strayed or lost
You will see petals fly
When lament becomes carol
Could you please hear my voice
That hungers for a duo
Life blooms like a flower
Far away or by the road
Waiting for the one
To find the way back home
Time flows across the world
There is always a longer way to go
Till I reach your arms
A madder there for you
Life blooms like a flower
Far away or by the road
Waiting for the one
To find the way back home
Time flows across the world
There is always a longer way to go
Till I reach your arms
A madder there for you


  



“Herrscher of Sentience”: …
“Herrscher of Sentience”: …
“Herrscher of Sentience”: …
“Herrscher of Sentience”: Doesn’t make sense.
“Herrscher of Sentience”: Why the hell would I lose?
“Herrscher of Sentience”: Be it speed, strength, or stamina, you two are no match for me.
“Herrscher of Sentience”: Humph…
“Herrscher of Sentience”: Just because I’m a Herrscher, I’m fated to lose?
Fu Hua: You’ve said it.
“Herrscher of Sentience”: Yeah, however I fooled myself… when I unleashed my full power… no, it was actually even earlier…
“Herrscher of Sentience”: I knew it from the get-go.
“Herrscher of Sentience”: I just couldn’t face it… Heheh, I’m the Herrscher of Sentience after all. Denial is the easiest thing for me.
“Herrscher of Sentience”: Easiest…
“Herrscher of Sentience”: …
“Herrscher of Sentience”: It turns out I don’t want to be me, and instead I wish to take myself out. I laugh at everyone, but the joker is me.
“Herrscher of Sentience”: …There’s no fairness in this world, right?
Fu Hua: Coming into this world as a Herrscher… that isn’t your fault.
Fu Hua: The Honkai had been lurking inside you all along, trying to corrupt you and take over, but you never gave in.
Fu Hua: I’ve been there, so I know… you’re not evil, not the Honkai’s enforcer.
Fu Hua: I left this body behind, and you were born from it. It belongs to you, but I cannot hand it over to you… not yet…
Fu Hua: I’m sorry, but I’m still needed, and there is still some unfinished business I have to attend to.
“Herrscher of Sentience”: …You know you’re but a shadow of your former self, right? If I die, you won’t breathe for long.
Fu Hua: I know.
“Herrscher of Sentience”: You know the Honkai is still watching us, right? Even if you take back the body now, can you resist its corruption?
Fu Hua: I’ll try. And… I’d like your help.
“Herrscher of Sentience”: …
“Herrscher of Sentience”: No way!
“Herrscher of Sentience”: You want my help? Haha, is your brain broken too? Oh, I forgot, you don’t even have one right now.
“Herrscher of Sentience”: You won and I lost. You’re the one and only Fu Hua, and I’m just a mistake. Goodbye, you’ll never see me again.
Fu Hua: …Where are you going?
“Herrscher of Sentience”: None of your business! I’ll go anywhere I please. I’m the Herrscher of Sentience. Better for you to avoid me anyway.
Fu Hua: Thank you.
“Herrscher of Sentience”: …Dammit, this isn’t for you, old timer! Don’t flatter yourself. There’s nothing between us anymore! Goodbye!
Fu Hua: Without this body, Honkai corruption will be even more dangerous to you.
“Herrscher of Sentience”: …
“Herrscher of Sentience”: I’ll fight it to my last breath. Even if I lose in the end, I know someone stronger will continue the fight.
“Herrscher of Sentience”: Farewell.


CG plays wherein Fu Hua, now back in her body, walks down the stony steps of Mount Taixuan to finally reunite with Kiana and Bronya.






Game Ch XXIII: The Solo Stage


Act 1 - Act 1:
Gameplay 23-1 - Act 1, Scene 1:
“Know that:”
“The immortals are ever present.”
“Their eternity…”
“...Is indestructible.”
She was meditating in that fantasy realm.
The device that generated this fantasy world was called the “Seed of Sumeru”, a gift from a Pioneer two years ago.
And her meditation was accompanied by the legendary weapon, the Abyss Flower.
It was a noble yet lethal weapon, where the powers of life and death intertwine.
Just like how humanity enjoys loneliness but also craves emotional bonds.
The last wielder was Cecilia Schariac.
Five years ago, her travel partner sparked her interest in this predecessor. Later, the Overseer told her a shocking story about the origin of the Holy Blood and the Herrscher of the Void.
As a result…
…She began to refrain herself from using the weapon in general missions.
Not that it was hard to wield. With her Honkai energy adaptability and remarkable lance mastery, it was never a problem.
Not that she found her enemies unworthy. She respected every opponent and would not hold herself back in a friendly spar.
And it was definitely not because of the rumors running amongst the Valkyries about how it brought misfortune.
Indeed, none of its previous wielders had a happy ending, and the Kaslana family with their Judgment of Shamash even moreso…
But that’s what weapons are for: when you pick one up in battle, you should be prepared to face death.
…
No, it wasn’t for any of these concerns.
She’d rather confess it was a feeling of distance that kept her from using the Divine Key in battle.
Deep down, she had to ask herself time and again if she could reach the other side, where hymns of blood were sung.
And before she could achieve that with the weapon, she couldn’t consider herself a worthy successor.
Rita: Sorry to interrupt, Master Durandal.
The sweet voice pulled her back to reality.
Durandal: Ah, Rita. Did something happen?
Rita: A group of curious reports.
Durandal opened her handheld hologram projector and took a quick look at the reports.
Durandal: This is…
Rita: There’s an underlying common trait shared by all seemingly irrelevant events.
Rita: A metro accident in London, a murder in Belgrade, a financial crisis in Frankfurt, a missing-person case in Calcutta, an arson attack in Bloemfontein…
Rita: They’re all puzzle pieces leading to a dark and dangerous scheme.
Rita: Apart from the murder in Belgrade where the police contacted us first…
Rita: …We’d never find out the connection between the other events if not for our accidental involvement.
Durandal: “During the rear-end collision at Charing Cross, Valkyrie Susannah was upgrading local Honkai energy sensors.”
Durandal: “It was her professional instrument that found Object No. 2 under the train wreckage.”
Rita: Everything we found went to the St. 1504 Labs for analysis.
Rita: What’s disconcerting is how, according to Director Nagamitsu, since we’ve now discovered five such coincidences…
Rita: …There could very well be five hundred or five thousand undiscovered ones out there.
Durandal: …Almost like it’s contagious.
Rita: Yes, Director Nagamitsu believes we’re dealing with something entirely new…
Rita: She warned us that if we couldn’t mobilise all of Schicksal to get to the bottom of this, the consequences would be huge.
Durandal: …If only we could reach the Overseer now.
Durandal: If he was here…
Durandal: …
Durandal: No, during his absence, we need to deal with the situation our own way.
Rita: Do you have a plan?
Durandal: First, we need to support Nagamitsu. She’s the professional one and we need to stand behind her.
Durandal: And… share everything we’ve found with the World Serpent and Anti-Entropy. Everything.
Rita: The World Serpent is our ally, but Anti-Entropy…
Durandal: If the Overseer was here, he’d no doubt stop us.
Durandal: But we’re not him. We don’t have his wisdom… or willfulness.
Durandal: So it’s pointless to assume what he would do.
Durandal: While he is away, we must fight the Honkai ourselves.
Rita: Understood. I’ll fill Amber in on the intel sharing.
Durandal: It’s still morning here…
Durandal: Given the time difference, Dr. Schrodinger and her friends won’t be able to have a good night’s sleep today.


6:00, Anti-Entropy Salt Lake Base.


CG plays wherein “Seele” attempts to wake Seele up in vain, before giving up and scaring her with a caterpillar:
“Seele”: Hey, wake up.
“Seele”: It’s morning already.
“Seele”: Seele! Seele!
Seele: Ngh…
“Seele”: It can’t be helped.
“Seele”: Hey, Seele!
“Seele”: Open your eyes!
Seele: Hmm…?
Seele: KYAAAAAAA!


Seele: Waaaaah…
“Seele”: Haha, that’s the fourth person who’s asked you about your scream.
Seele: If it wasn’t for the caterpillar by my pillow this morning… You know they scare me the most.
“Seele”: Huh? So you wanna blame me? Remind me, who promised to rise early and read stories to the kids last night?
Seele: I… I am grateful for your wake-up service, but maybe… just maybe, you could do it differently?
“Seele”: I tried to wake you up gently, but you didn’t seem to hear me at all. What could I do?
“Seele”: Oh, of course, I think me playing with the kids in your stead is another good choice.
Seele: …Forget it. Last time you popped out and frightened Evan to tears.
“Seele”: Well, the kid was bad-mouthing you. He thought he kept his voice low.
…
Seele: Hmm? What did you say?
“Seele”: Nothing. I said I hate dealing with kids. It’s your job now.
Ningyo: …!
Sophia: Seele!
Nina: Good morning, Seele!
Seele: Good morning, everyone! What would you like to do today? How about I finish the story…
A few moments later…
Dr. Einstein’s room. Someone was yelling.
Seele: Dr. Einstein, did you send for me?
Einstein: Come in.
Einstein: Please wait until Dr. Tesla is done with her grumble.
Tesla: These old dogs just wouldn’t listen. They kept repeating the same old bureaucratic nonsense!
Einstein: I hope you didn’t utter this to the senators’ faces. Dr. Tesla, do we have a conclusion now?
Tesla: I examined the mechas from head to toe myself. Nothing came up.
Einstein: But many livestream viewers can testify that a security mecha charged onto the stage and verbally abused the spokesperson.
Tesla: Humph, how is telling the truth “verbal abuse”? Is it not true that they’re a bunch of greedy cowards?
Einstein: I’ve no comment on this, but a security mecha having an outspoken opinion does not follow the programmed protocols.
Tesla: Hah, the way I see it, there’s an 80% chance they handled the mecha wrong, and a 20% chance they set us up!
Einstein: A setup? What did they say?
Tesla: The same old. That we shouldn’t take the Herrscher in. That it’s irresponsible to let her act freely.
Tesla: I told them Kiana had stabilised once she lost the Gem of Conquest and that she was under control, but they wouldn’t listen.
Tesla: They even believe she was behind the mecha incident. Seriously, do they have any clue what a Herrscher is?
Einstein: You believe they staged this show to frame Anti-Entropy and pressure us into surrendering Kiana?
Tesla: Yeah, definitely! I hand-checked the mechas supplied to the Congress. How could anything go wrong?
Einstein: But it’s not in their interest to do so. The incident dealt a heavy blow to their public image, and it’s not their style.
Tesla: Humph, who knows. We’ve made more enemies than I care to count. They’ll have to queue up to get to us.
Tesla: …What? Now? Fine.
Tesla: Mophead, the old dogs are here for trouble again. I’ll handle them. Talk to you later. Bye.
Tesla: …
Einstein: Phew. Sorry to keep you waiting.
Seele: Dr. Tesla seems to be busy.
Einstein: Don’t worry. This won’t be her first congress hearing. Her fiery temper forbids her to lose any debate.
Seele: (That doesn’t sound reassuring at all…)
Seele: Do you have a new mission for me, Dr. Einstein?
Einstein: It’s more of a personal favor than a mission.
Einstein: This July 3rd is Anti-Entropy’s 60th anniversary, and we plan to throw a party in the base to cheer everyone up.
Einstein: Too much has happened in the past few months. Everyone needs some time to unwind.
Einstein: Dr. Tesla was supposed to handle procurement, but as you just saw, she won’t be back for a while.
Einstein: This is her shopping list. Everything can be bought in the city. I’d like you to do her work if it’s not too much to ask.
Seele: Ah, of course not! If you have anything to add, just tell me.
Einstein: …
Einstein: Dr. Tesla made it very clear that I needed to keep my hands off this matter.
Einstein: She doesn’t trust my aesthetic judgment, which I have to say is quite the unfounded slander.
Seele: Er… I don’t quite understand, but I know what to do now! I’ll do my best!
Training Room, Anti-Entropy Salt Lake Base.
Seele: …That’s how it went. I think Dr. Einstein and Dr. Tesla have a very special pattern of working with each other.
Bronya: They’ve always been like this. You’ll get used to it. It’s kinda funny.
Bronya: So… you’re going to do some shopping in Salt Lake?
Seele: Yeah. Is there anything wrong, Bronya?
Bronya: Nothing, just a little favor to ask of you. Let’s train first.
Seele: Sure!
Bronya: The last training session was taxing. Do you still feel sore? Maybe we should tone it down a little bit.
Seele: It’s okay. I’ve had a good rest. Let’s keep the intensity from last time… no, 10 tiers up!
Bronya: Hmm, that would be the highest intensity. Are you sure?
Seele: I wanna try! Don’t worry. I know what my limits are.
Bronya: Understood. The Bronya will step in to help when needed. Initiating training program.
Training mode activated.
Intensity level: Max.
“Seele”: This is the max level of intensity? This pile of scrap metal?
Seele: These are the frequently used training models. They’re worn down.
“Seele”: If you beg me, I don’t mind fighting for you~
Seele: But that way my training would be pointless.
“Seele”: Pfft. Then let’s see how long your weak little body can hold out.
Seele: Huff… Huff…
Seele: Huff… Huff…
Seele: Huff… Huff…
“Seele”: See? I told you you need my help! Come on, let me take care of this.
Seele: No… I… I can do this…
Seele: I can do this!
“Seele”: Huh? But if you get hurt, I’ll be screwed too!
Seele: Huff… Huff…
“Seele”: Ignoring me on purpose? Fine! See if I care!
Seele: I… I did it…? Yay…
Bronya: Good job, Seele!
“Seele”: Wow…
“Seele”: Fine… Seele is awesome.
Seele: Uh…
Bronya: Seele! Are you alright?
Seele: Nothing. I’m… just a little bit dizzy…
Bronya: Your lips are pale. Could be hypoglycemia. You pushed yourself too far.
Seele: “The closer you get to your extreme, the more potential you’ll be able to unleash.” That’s what you said last time, right?
Bronya: Er, that’s because…
Seele: You’ve been training hard yourself with Mr. Welt. I know that.
Seele: That’s why I want to work hard and become a trusted partner fighting by your side, no matter however little help I can be.
Bronya: Seele…
Seele’s stomach began to rumble at this most inopportune time.
Seele: Ah! S-Sorry!
Seele: (Why does it have to act up now…)
Bronya: Haha…
Bronya: That’s more like Seele. Let’s get you something to eat. Low blood sugar is the enemy of training.
Seele: Sure!
Cafeteria, Anti-Entropy Salt Lake Base.
Seele: Phew… we made it. It was getting ready to close.
Seele: Sorry, Bronya, it’s my fault we almost missed it.
Bronya: Don’t say that, we’re right on time. There are fewer people here now. Quieter is better.
Seele: Yeah, you’re right! No crowd at this hour. Huh? That’s…
Bronya: Kiana?
Seele: Can we sit here?
Kiana: Huh?
Kiana: Oh, it’s you two. Yeah, why not.
Bronya: Kiana, you don’t seem to have a good appetite today.
Kiana: Haha, you got me, but I’m not usually like that. Just finished training?
Bronya: Yes, I taught Seele some fighting skills.
Seele: This is my first time eating together with Miss Kaslana. We’ve barely talked.
Kiana: Just call me Kiana. Is it okay if I call you Seele?
Seele: Of course. That’s how everyone calls me. I already feel we’re closer now.
Seele: But I’ve never run into you here. Is it because you follow a different routine?
Kiana: Ah… yeah, this is my usual hour.
Seele: (So she tries to avoid the peak hour. Maybe she trains too hard?)
Bronya: Kiana, how are things with Fu Hua?
Kiana: Still no traces of the Herrscher of Sentience. She’ll keep looking for her.
Bronya: The Herrscher has vanished like a ghost since Mount Taixuan. Schicksal has no lead on her location either.
Kiana: Schicksal? I won’t believe a single word from Otto.
Bronya: He has gone missing since the Herrscher of Sentience emerged. Durandal is in charge now.
Bronya: Anti-Entropy and Schicksal have since reached an unspoken ceasefire agreement and maintained regular intel exchange.
Bronya: Our priority now is to deal with the recently frequent Honkai events.
Bronya: The Principal is mentoring Roza and Lili now. She takes them along on missions to train in battle.
Bronya: The twins are giving the Principal a severe headache.
Kiana: Haha, that reminds me of us in the past. Aunt Theresa says she hates kids, but she’s actually very good with them.
Seele: (I feel unnecessary here…)
“Seele”: (Naturally. You don’t belong to their world.)
Seele: (But they all care for me. It’s only because I don’t know the topic very well.)
Seele: (We just need more time to know each other better.)
“Seele”: (...)
Bronya: Right, Kiana, are you heading to Salt Lake tomorrow?
Kiana: Yeah. We received reports of mechas going out of control, and Dr. Einstein asked me to check it out.
Bronya: Great. Seele is going to the city too. You two can share a ride.
Seele: …Huh?
Kiana: No problem. I’ll go back and prepare. See you tomorrow then, Seele.
Seele: Ah, okay, see you tomorrow!
Kiana walked away.
Seele: Is this the personal favor you wished to ask of me?
Bronya: Smart Seele. Sorry I made this decision without asking you.
Seele: It’s all right. I’m also happy to travel with Kiana.
Bronya: Good, that’s why I hope you could keep Kiana company on her mission.
Seele: Me? But you know Kiana better, right?
Bronya: Right, but the Bronya knows her too well to be completely open with her.
Seele: Huh?
Bronya: At first, Kiana came here to eat with us, but other Anti-Entropy employees… they seemed concerned when they saw her.
Bronya: The tables around her were always left empty, even when Dr. Einstein sat beside her.
Seele: But… Kiana is under control and she works hard to protect everyone…
Bronya: We all know that, but it takes more than logic for people who don’t know her well to conquer their fear.
Bronya: Kiana didn’t stand up to defend herself. Instead, she chose to avoid the crowd.
Bronya: She doesn’t care what people might say, but she doesn’t wish to further complicate the situation either.
Seele: So that’s why you interrupted me right before we were about to get into this topic.
Bronya: Kiana has changed. She’s calm and mature now.
Bronya: But for her, the world has changed even more.
Bronya: She knows how we feel, and she needs to feel kindness from people who don’t know her well yet.
Seele: That’s… very considerate of you. There’s still a great deal I need to learn from you…
Bronya: You have your own strengths. You’re sensitive, compassionate, and observant. You’d make a good companion for Kiana.
Bronya: You should recognise your own merits and build confidence. After all, it was you who changed the Bronya’s world.
Seele: Bronya… Yeah! I understand now! Just leave it to me!




















Gameplay 23-2 - Act 1, Scene 2:
Morning, the next day.
Seele: Er, I’m a bit too early. Looks like Kiana isn’t here yet.
Seele: There’s still time. I can talk with the other me.


CG plays wherein the other Seele is shown within their shared mental plane, sitting on a chair beside a dresser with a set of scales.


Seele: Here you are.
Seele: You’ve been silent since last night. Something wrong?
“Seele”: None of your business.
Seele: Huh? Not in a good mood? You can tell me if something happened.
“Seele”: No. Nothing.
Seele: When Bronya told me that sometimes close friends aren’t able to be open with each other, I was reminded of us.
Seele: We know each other too well to be completely honest with each other, and you won’t tell me your worries…
“Seele”: I said nothing happened! See, your new pal is here. Don’t waste your time here.
Seele: If you want to talk, I’m always here.
“Seele”: …
“Seele”: Ha…
Kiana: Sorry I’m late, Seele. You were… talking to yourself?
Seele: Er, nothing, my mind was wandering, that’s all.
Kiana: Okay, let’s go then.
A commercial walk in Salt Lake City.
Seele: That’s a lot of people! And it looks like a big festival is coming.
Kiana: Dr. Tesla said the next 4th is Independence Day and that there’ll be celebrations. You can bring Bronya here and hang out.
Seele: Oh, no wonder.
Seele: It feels good to see everyone with a broad smile.
Seele: (Kiana looks a lot more relaxed than in the base. Bronya was right. She needs some air.)
Kiana: We should get to business. It’s still a while before my meeting. Let’s go shopping first.
Seele: Yeah, let’s go.
Seele: The first item on the shopping list is… uh, flowers!
Seele: Hi, I want to book some flowers for a party next month. Someone will pick them up on the day.
Florist: What kind of flowers are you looking for?
Seele: Er… pink roses, red lilies, green plums with the leaves and… eucalyptus leaves!
Florist: You sure know a lot about flowers, little girl. Are you a florist yourself?
Seele: No, I just love flowers. They make me feel good.
Florist: Oh yeah. That’s exactly why I opened this shop.
Florist: I like you. Take these lilies. They’re free.
Seele: Wah… they look so nice.
Kiana: Oh, thanks.
Seele: The next is the heart of a party… a cake!
Seele: Something smells good!
Baker: Freshly made. You want a bite, little girl?
Seele: Wah, every slice looks delicious. I don’t know what to pick now.
Baker: Haha, you have a sweet tongue, little girl. Take your pick. I’ll give you a 20% discount.
Seele: Really? That’s great! Thank you!
Kiana: Seele… you seem to have a knack for shopping.
Seele: And then we need party decorations… Let’s buy some balloons.
Gift Shop Manager: Hey, little girl, looking for something?
Seele: Hi, we want some balloons for a party.
Gift Shop Manager: Oh, a party, huh? You must have a long shopping list.
Seele: Do you have these long balloons?
Kiana: Aren’t all balloons round?
Seele: The kind you can wrap and make into different shapes. Dr. Tesla and the kids would love them.
Gift Shop Manager: Yeah, of course! Look no further. If you buy in bulk here, I’ll give you two bags for free!
Seele: Really? You’re so nice.
Gift Shop Manager: Come on, don’t mention it. Just remember to come back next time.
Kiana: No wonder Dr. Einstein always asks you to run these kinds of errands for her. These vendors seem to really like you.
Seele: Heheh. Back at the orphanage, we didn’t have much…
Seele: We couldn’t afford cakes, and I was sticking my face to the bakery window, checking out all these fancy desserts.
Seele: Then a girl from the bakery snuck out a box of star candies for me and I shared it. Many kind people have helped me.
Kiana: That’s because you’re a kind person yourself.
Seele: Er… I’m not that good. But… I want to be someone like that.
Seele: That’s about everything. Time to go finish Kiana’s mission!
Seele: Can’t believe they’re lighting fireworks in broad daylight!
Kiana: I guess it’s a rehearsal. The mechas handling the fireworks are the ones mentioned in the reports as having malfunctioned.
Seele: Dr. Tesla’s mechas are everywhere, and they can do almost everything for us. That’s impressive.
Kiana: Bronya told me that Anti-Entropy had cooperated with the Congress before on affairs concerning the Honkai.
Seele: People would be shocked to know what these mechas were designed for in the first place.
Kiana: To avoid public panic, information on the Honkai is rarely disclosed. Honkai events are covered up as natural disasters.
Kiana: But now isn’t the time for this. Let’s get a closer look.
Staff Member in Costume: Independence Day parade! Free beer and live rock music!
Seele: Kiana, look, the staff member is wearing a HOMU costume. Bronya’s favorite HOMU!
Kiana: Pity that Bronya isn’t here. She might want to get a picture. She loves HOMU.
Staff Member in Costume: Wanna join the Independence Day parade? Food, live music, and fireworks - we’ve got everything! Here, grab a brochure!
Kiana: Okay, thanks.
Seele: Looks nice.
Kiana: Yeah, after this is done, we… you can come here together and have some fun.
Seele: …Why don’t you join us? It’ll be tons of fun!
Kiana: Ha, I’ll find the person in charge here and ask about what really went down.
…
Kiana: Strange…
Seele: Kiana, what’s wrong?
Kiana: The man said nothing went wrong since the report was filed. He wonders if he was seeing things.
Kiana: But just to be safe, I contacted the technicians and they’ll examine the mechas thoroughly.
Seele: From what we saw at the rehearsal, nothing seemed to be wrong… Hope this is just a misunderstanding.
Kiana: I hope so too, but it would end the mission early. Our ride won’t be here for a while. Shall we wait at the rendezvous?
Seele: Er… it’s not like we get to breathe fresh air every day. Why don’t we sit at the cafe? They have a nice buffet.
Kiana: Buffet? Yeah, it’s been a while. Let’s go then.
Seele: Delicious! Kiana, take a bite. You like it?
Kiana: Hmm… this is good! The cookies and cream are perfect together!
Seele: It’s true when they say sweets can cure any mood. Wanna try something else? I recommend the mango mille crepe.
Kiana: Haha, okay, bring it on.
Kiana: …
Kiana: Thank you, Seele. I guess it was Bronya who asked you to look after me?
Seele: Huh? How… how did you know?
Kiana: Well, it just feels like her. She doesn’t want me to feel pressured and went all the way to arrange this.
Seele: She’s worried about you.
Kiana: She’s always been like this, even now when she’s battered by the harsh training herself. Let’s bring back a gift for her.
Kiana: Hmm, maybe we can find the HOMU cosplayer we saw earlier and ask him for a few pictures…
Seele: Haha, Bronya would love that.
Seele: Kiana… if there’s anything troubling you, feel free to talk to me, okay?
Kiana: Is it because of what you saw yesterday at the cafeteria?
Kiana: It’s really nothing. After all, I am indeed the Herrscher of the Void, and there is a monster named Sirin living inside my body. These are both facts.
Kiana: Those who believe me are the ones who know me well, but I can’t expect that from just everyone.
Seele: …Sirin?
Kiana: Yeah. The other personality inside me, the real Herrscher of the Void.
Seele: The other…
Kiana: Even as we speak, she’s fighting for control over the Herrscher Core. In fact, it belonged to her long before I took it.
Kiana: Still, I can’t surrender it to her. She’s dangerous, unpredictable, and hellbent on destroying humanity.
Kiana: I won’t allow her to lay waste to the whole world ever again.
Kiana: And even if I fail to stop her, there’s insurance.
Kiana pulled down her sleeve to reveal a wrist band with a ticking number.
Kiana: It monitors my condition in real time. If the threshold is breached, it’ll warn the base,
Kiana: After receiving the warning, Anti-Entropy will act immediately and I will teleport myself to a safe place… if I am still myself.
Kiana: Don’t worry. I volunteered to wear this band. It makes me feel safer.
Seele: Kiana… that’s a huge sacrifice.
Kiana: Just a responsibility I need to shoulder. I won’t run from it.
Kiana: And Mei… a friend of Bronya and I, lived a similar life before. She wore something even deadlier.
Seele: Kiana…
Kiana: Phew, I feel a lot better now that I’ve told you all this.
Kiana: Thanks, Seele. I hope I didn’t bore you.
Seele: No, not at all! It’s still hard for me to imagine how you’ve never given up after all the pain and misery.
Kiana: For a long time, I lived in fear… fear for Sirin and fear for myself. I put up walls around myself to feel safer.
Kiana: But not anymore, because I have you guys now. With everyone helping me, I now have the courage to face anything head-on.
Seele: Yeah! We all believe in you, Kiana!
A sudden commotion was heard from outside.
Kiana: What happened? Seems to be a ruckus outside.
Seele: I heard someone… calling for help?
Shop Assistant: Everyone run! The mechas at the square have all gone berserk and they’re coming at us!
Seele: But why? Everything was normal when we were there just a moment ago.
Kiana: No time for questions now. We’ve gotta stop those mechas and protect the people here!
Seele: Yeah!
Seele: Phew… that’s all of them. I’m glad the physical training worked. Kiana, how are you doing?
Kiana: All taken care of. Fortunately, they were only fireworks mechas and nobody was hurt.
???: Thank you!
Kiana: Huh? You are…
Little Girl: Mum told me that if someone helps me, I must say thank you. You just saved me!
Little Girl: Oh, are you hurt? Your eyes have different colors!
Kiana: (...)
Seele: Aren’t they beautiful? She’s a magician and she just saved you with magic.
Kiana: …Huh?
Little Girl: Yeah, these eyes are like gems!
Kiana: …Haha, watch this, I can change my eyes into another color.
Kiana: Voila…
Little Girl: Wow, that’s awesome! Can I become a magician too when I grow up?
Seele: Of course, if you’re a good girl.
Little Girl: Okay! I’ll be a good girl. I’ll go home and help Mum. Goodbye!


Gameplay 23-3 - Act 1, Scene 3:
Kiana: …Thank you.
Seele: I didn’t do anything. Let’s go check on the mechas.
Seele: …
Seele: This is the HOMU costume that gentleman with the flyers was wearing! And it’s all ripped… Was he hurt?
Kiana: No blood, and nothing inside the costume. Wait, something dropped out. Huh? A key to an apartment?
Seele: He must have ran. We’ve still got time. Should we return the key and ask him about what happened?
Kiana: Good idea, but first I need to speak with the person in charge here and report back to Anti-Entropy. Can you wait for me here?
Seele: Okay!
Kiana left.
Seele: Right, I now have some time to talk to the other me…
Seele: You’ve been unusually quiet today.
“Seele”: You prefer it this way, don’t you? No one to interrupt you and your new pal.
Seele: Of course not. I don’t even know who to turn to when you keep silent.
“Seele”: What do you need me for?
Seele: What just happened felt weird… I want to hear your opinion.
“Seele”: I found nothing. The mechas acted on their own and I didn’t see anyone operating them.
Seele: Hmm… okay.
Seele: And, did you hear Kiana just now? She’s fighting hard against her other personality. Maybe we could help?
“Seele”: Huh?
Seele: After all, we have more experience when it comes to sharing body control, right?
“Seele”: …What do you mean?
“Seele”: In your eyes… I’m the same as Sirin?
Seele: Huh? No, that’s not what I meant…
“Seele”: Dangerous, wild, and brutal just like Sirin… that’s how you see me?
Seele: No! Sirin has always tried to hurt Kiana, but you’ve been protecting me. You’re not the same!
“Seele”: Well, then what am I to you?
Seele: You… you are…
“Seele”: Of all the times, you have to stutter now?
Seele: No, I…
“Seele”: All right, I knew it.
“Seele”: Never mind, I’m not gonna ditch you anyway. You’re a mess without me.
“Seele”: But don’t throw questions like this at me anymore. They make me feel sick.
Seele: I…
Seele: Sorry, I don’t know… how to answer your question right now.
Seele: But I’ll think hard, really hard, to give you an answer.
Seele: Just give me some time.
“Seele”: Tsk.
“Seele”: Boring.
“Seele”: Ha…
Beep.
Seele: Kiana, how is it going?
Kiana: Sorry, Seele, it’s more complicated than I thought. I need to stay here for a while to pull up surveillance footage.
Seele: Anything I can do to help?
Kiana: No, I’ve got this. Go find the man in the costume. We need a witness.
Kiana: The person in charge said he’s a student from the college nearby. His name is John Doe. I’m sending you his student ID.
Seele: Understood.
Seele: This should be the college mentioned on the student ID card.
Seele: Matushka Cocolia taught me how to read in the orphanage.
Seele: I bet it’s fun to go to school and study with strangers…
“Seele”: What’s fun about sitting tight in a classroom?
Seele: Ha, you finally spoke to me again.
“Seele”: Humph, that’s because I pity you. I’m the only one who can help you.
Seele: Hi, do you know the person on this student ID?
Sleepy Girl: Er… John Doe? Never heard of him.
Student with Short Hair: Hey, look, this guy is in the same department as you.
Sleepy Girl: Doesn’t ring a bell.
Seele: Thanks.
“Seele”: See? Told you.
Seele: There are so many students here. It’s natural they don’t know each other.
Seele: Hi, do you know the person on this student ID?
Student: Huh? Hmm… no. No, wait a sec.
Student: I think I’ve heard this name somewhere.
Student: Oh, I remember now. We’re taking the same elective course.
Seele: Really?
Student: Yeah, because very few signed up for this course and the professor takes attendance every time.
Student: But he’s missed a lot of lectures lately. I’m afraid he’s gonna fail the course.
Seele: He hasn’t shown up recently? For how long?
Student: Let me think… about a month. I can’t say for sure.
Seele: Thank you!
Seele: Well, that’s something. But why would he miss the classes?
“Seele”: Maybe he was bullied and busy crying in a toy box just like someone else?
Seele: I know what you’re doing and I won’t follow.
“Seele”: Tsk. Boring.
Seele: Hello, do you know the person on this student ID?
Teacher: Huh?
Teacher: He should have taken my course, but I can’t recall anything.
Seele: Thank you.
“Seele”: Even his teacher paid no heed to him. He’s a nobody here.
Seele: Hey, that’s not nice.
Seele: Hi, do you know the person on this student ID?
Roommate: Huh? Yeah, he’s my roommate.
Seele: Really? I found something of his and I wish to return it to him in person.
Roommate: That’s some bad timing then. Unfortunately, he moved out half a year ago.
Seele: Huh?
Roommate: He rented a place outside, probably for his part-time job. The last time I saw him was a month ago.
Seele: But the pay has to come from his part-time job pay, right? Why would he do that?
Roommate: I dunno, I’m not his Mum. He didn’t say and I didn’t ask. Anything else?
Seele: Er… no, thank you!
Seele: Guess I’ll have to go to his apartment.
“Seele”: Maybe he just found out that he lost the key and is scratching his head in front of the door.
Seele: Strange. He’s been here for two years but no one seems to have seen him.
“Seele”: Isn’t that the case with every human being? They’re only interested in themselves and don’t care about others.
Seele: Um…
Seele: I feel like you’re even more… impatient today?
“Seele”: Huh? Me? Nonsense, why would you think that?
Seele: Because your words seem to be more aggressive and… straightforward?
“Seele”: …Humph.
“Seele”: Aren’t you supposed to go and ask that guy about the incident? Time to visit his apartment now, Miss Holmes.
Seele: Er… Okay…


Gameplay 23-4 - Act 1, Scene 4:
Lampard Apartment.
Seele: …
Seele: …He’s not home. Maybe we should come back another day?
“Seele”: Just open the door with the key. We might even find some dark secrets in there.
Seele: We’re definitely not doing that… Huh?
The door creaked open slowly.
Seele: The door isn’t locked… Aaaaah, sorry, I didn’t mean to break in!
“Seele”: Lower your voice! No one is inside anyway…
“Seele”: Hmm?
“Seele”: Seele, look out!
Seele: Why would there be Anti-Entropy mechas here?
“Seele”: You can worry about that later! Focus on the battle!
Seele: I think I saw space distortions for a second… Was I mistaken?
Seele: Huh? I thought I just knocked them down… What’s happening?
“Seele”: They look like they’re being controlled, just like those berserk mechas.
Seele: Are they trying to keep us away from this building?
“Seele”: Which means there really is something shady about this building. Huh, now we have to take a look in there.
Seele: The mechas are gone…
“Seele”: This is weird… there’s no trace of fighting on the ground.
Seele: Huh? So was I fighting a hallucination?
“Seele”: Let’s continue the investigation and see.
…
Seele: Hmm… should be this one.
Seele: Sorry to disturb…
Seele: Waaaah! This is… a puppet? Looks broken.
“Seele”: Don’t move!
Seele: Huh?
“Seele”: Be careful. This room smells.
Seele: Smell?
“Seele”: …The smell of death.
…
Seele: …!
“Seele”: Who’s there?
Landlady: Hey, I’m the landlady here. Are you looking for the kid? Are you his friend?
Seele: Er, yes, I’m looking for him. Right, Miss Landlady, did you hear something just now?
Landlady: No, just the sound of you opening the door…
“Seele”: Huh? We were turning the place upside down in the fight and she didn’t hear anything at all?
Landlady: So you’re here for the kid… Unfortunately, he…
Landlady: …Passed away a month ago.
Seele: Huh?!
Landlady: Yeah, I called the police myself. He was lying on the bed and not moving at all.
Seele: But I just received a handout from…
Landlady: The police ruled out murder and contacted his family. They came and took him away, leaving all this stuff behind.
Landlady: His college sent someone too, asking me to be quiet about it. They only care about their good name.
Landlady: Poor kid. He was dead to his family and college even before this.
Landlady: You’re his friend, right? Feel free to go in and check. I have to dump everything in a few days after all.
Landlady: It would be a real headache trying to find a new tenant.
Seele: …
Seele: That’s cold.
“Seele”: She told the truth. There was death in this room.
Seele: But we just talked to him in the square, and the person in charge told us he had been working there all along.
“Seele”: Which is to say, someone has impersonated him?
Seele: But why? Just to lure us here?
“Seele”: …Hey, Miss Holmes, there’s something in the puppet’s hand.
Seele: Huh? Oh, there is.
Seele: This is… a show ticket?
“Seele”: Theater of Domination… what a pretentious name.
Seele: Something’s written on the back! Featured: Silly Jack.
Seele: “Silly Jack loves his pumpkin. He hugs his precious pumpkin and it bites off his head.”
“Seele”: What is that? How distasteful.
Seele: Er… something like a show intro? But it sounds…
“Seele”: Tsk, I don’t like how this feels. Seele, you better stay away from this. It’ll only be trouble.
Seele: …I just want to help someone.
“Seele”: He’s dead and gone. What can you do? It’s not your fault anyway.
Seele: But he deserved more attention.
“Seele”: Huh?
Seele: Without Bronya, I might have disappeared like this long ago.
Seele: The least I can do is to find the truth behind his death. It may be a trap, but that means there’s definitely more to it.
“Seele”: …
Seele: But thank you. I know you’re only trying to protect me.
Seele: I’m not the timid girl who can only hide and cry anymore. I’m not afraid of getting hurt. I just don’t want to regret.
Seele: Of course, I won’t push myself too far. I know I can’t solve this alone, so I’ll report to Anti-Entropy. Sounds good?
“Seele”: Seele…
???: That’s right. She doesn’t need you anymore.
“Seele”: Huh?
???: Girls never play with their once precious dolls once they grow up. They all end up in the trash can.
???: We’re not needed by this world. Our existence is a mistake.
???: Despised, distanced, and deserted… this is how our story ends.
“Seele”: Who’s talking?
Seele: Huh? What happened?
“Seele”: You didn’t hear that?
Seele: Hear what?
“Seele”: …Nothing. Aren’t you reporting to Anti-Entropy? Do it now.
Seele: Yeah! Thanks for understanding me!
“Seele”: …
“Seele”: (That voice…)


Act 2 - Act 2:
Gameplay 23-5 - Act 2, Scene 1:
The smell of something burning rushed into Bronya’s nostrils.
Bronya knew the ingredients: wood boards, asphalt, and… men.
Bronya: This is…
Bronya found herself on the ground. She struggled to stand up.
Filling her sight was the ashes of a wasted world.
Bronya: Ah…
Bronya knew now.
This is Siberia after the 2nd Honkai Eruption.
Childhood memories came back to haunt her again, only this time she was not frightened in the slightest.
Bronya: …
She carefully studied the surroundings.
Bronya: This used to be… the Bronya’s home.
The fantasy reality urged her to unearth more deep-buried secrets about her past.
Bronya: Papa… Mama…
Of course she couldn’t recall what her father and mother were like. Her first childhood memory was of a gun in her hand.
Still, she hoped there were some residual traces of love from her father and mother in the depths of her memory bank.
Maybe, just maybe, she was still in their embrace when the Honkai took them?
She looked around. Nothing but rubble and ashes.
Bronya: …
Bronya: This is… the Honkai.
She lifted her hands and took a close look.
Still a pair of girl’s tender hands, save for the calluses from the kisses of firearms.
In the dream, these clean hands posed a sharp contrast with the scorched billboards in German by the road.
Naturally… these hands were also cold.
Bronya: Huh? Something feels wrong…
German?
Her battle-trained instincts began to sound the alarm.
Bronya: This is not Siberia!
It wasn’t until now that Bronya realised that the burnt smell, the ruins, and everything else felt too real to be a dream.
This wasn’t a dream.
Bronya: That’s…
A human figure with blue hair suddenly emerged in the distance.
Bronya found him an uncharacteristic presence in this wasteland.
Just like herself, he rose up slowly from the ground and looked around.
It was like looking into a mirror… with a long delay.
Bronya: …
Somehow she felt familiarity and compassion.
She walked up to the blue-haired man and reached out her hand…
Bronya: …!
Bronya: Huff… huff…
She broke free from the weird dream and found her pillow all wet with cold sweat.
Bronya: Tsk, this again…
She took a deep breath and calmed her racing heart down as if she just went through a tough battle.
She then glanced at the clock.
Bronya: …Better get up now.


Bang… bang… bang… bang… bang…
Following a tight rhythm, five bullets landed on the target in succession.
She unloaded the clip and waited for the results.
Welt: All bullseye. The last one was right on the ring though.
Bronya: …
She frowned.
In her eyes, “on the ring” meant the bullet landed on the rim of the enemy’s helmet. It would be deflected.
In other words, the enemy would live to shoot another bullet at you.
Welt: Good. You’ve finished today’s physical and combat training perfectly. You even broke a record. But…
Welt took a brief pause and darted a look at Bronya.
Welt: You seem tired.
Bronya: …
Bronya: Phew… maybe a little bit.
“I haven’t slept well for a few days, but that won’t affect my performance.” She would have replied this way.
But after living at the Salt Lake base for a while, she began to warm up to the kindness from people around her.
Welt: Hmm, I’ll make some adjustments to the training program.
Welt: But today, we still have one last bit of training left.
Bronya: Understood.
Welt: Here, take this.
Welt handed a handgun to Bronya.
Bronya: This is…
Welt: Know this model?
Bronya didn’t even need to look.
Bronya: Makarov 9mm.
She smiled.
Welt: Good. I can see you know it well.
Bronya: Yes. Before I was adopted by the orphanage, this was my favorite model.
Bronya: Low recoil, small, light, and easy to carry.
This childhood “toy” brought back a lot of memories that were not necessarily pleasant.
Welt: Okay. Now put it aside.
Bronya did so with a minor reluctance.
Welt: Now, close your eyes and visualise its structure, down to every detail including the bolts and the rifling.
Welt: How do you feel?
Bronya: Yes, no problem.
Every childhood moment of maintaining and disassembling the weapon floated up again from the sea of memory.
Welt: Well, now use your Herrscher powers to construct it, including the bullets.
Bronya focused her mind on the construction. It was a piece of cake compared with conjuring the Project Bunny float guns.
Parts began to emerge and assemble themselves in her hand, and before long a Makarov 9mm took complete shape.
She opened her eyes, opened the clip, and removed the safety…
Bang!
Welt: Bullseye. Perfect. But I didn’t ask you to shoot.
Bronya: Sorry, Mr. Yang, the Bronya couldn’t help it.
Welt: Haha, I understand.
Welt: Okay, now try this.
Welt handed over another handgun.
Welt: Don’t shoot this time.
Bronya: Roger.
Bronya took the gun. It was a model she had never seen before.
Welt: This is a Heckler & Koch, made in Germany. I can’t tell you more. Start constructing when you’re ready.
Bronya took a moment to observe and then put it aside.
Guns may look very different but they all follow the same structural principles. It didn’t take her long.
Welt: Good, now disassemble your creation and the one I gave you side by side
Bronya did so.
Bronya: Ah…
Welt: See what’s wrong?
Bronya: The structures are different.
Welt: Yeah, this model has a unique recoil system and only 400 or so were made.
Welt: You used your knowledge and experience to fill the gap. Very commendable.
Welt: But that’s not enough on the battlefield.
Welt: Sometimes, we need to identify the enemy’s weaknesses based on limited info. What you know decides the outcome of a battle.
Welt: “Use it once and you’ll never forget.” Your special power as the Herrscher of Reason makes construction an easy job.
Welt: But in comparison to recreating familiar weapons, it’s more important to learn your enemy’s unknown weaknesses.
Welt: This… is the Herrscher of Reason’s true weapon.
Welt patiently waited for the words to sink in.
Bronya: …Understood. The Bronya will try again.
Welt: Yeah, no problem, but try not to push yourself too hard.
…
Welt: How do you feel now?
Bronya: …A lot better.
After the morning training, the two came downtown.
Welt: It’s okay. Using the Herrscher of Reason’s power always comes with side effects, especially when recreating something new.
Welt: Get out and take in some fresh air. You’ll feel better.
Bronya: Do you come here often?
Welt: This viewing deck? Occasionally.
Bronya: You can see the whole city from here.
Welt: Yeah, such a view is what he died for.
Bronya: He? Mr. Joyce?
Welt: Right. Seems like you’ve learned a lot at the base.
Welt: He is my hero. And he was a good teacher.
Welt glanced at Bronya. He knew the word “teacher” would stir up some sad memories of hers.
Welt: He was a survivor of the 1st Honkai Eruption. Berlin was in shambles. He was at the epicenter when Schicksal found him.
Bronya: The 1st Honkai Eruption in Berlin?
Bronya’s sharp instincts kicked in again.
Welt: Right. Something wrong?
Bronya: …
Bronya thought for a moment before sharing her bizarre dream with Welt, including the blue-haired young man.
Welt: …
Welt: Yes, that is Joyce, the 1st Herrscher of Reason.
Bronya: But why would the Bronya dream of all this?
Welt: As you use the Herrscher’s power, the Herrscher Core slowly becomes one with you.
Welt: It’s not a bad thing, but there are side effects in the process.
Welt: Including the ghost images from your predecessors in the Core.
Bronya: Ghost images? Like fragmented memories?
Welt: Technically they’re not memories. Only lingering echoes from the mind.
Welt: Think of a piece of cement ground that’s only half dry.
Welt: What you saw were footprints left by those who walked past the ground.
Welt: These footprints reflect their reality in a way, but whoever left them have… gone.
Welt’s voice sank as he spat out the last word.
Bronya: …Mr. Yang, did you dream of something similar?
Welt: …
Loneliness suddenly surged up Welt’s eyes.
Welt: Yes, for a time, I expected the reunion in the dream every day. There was too much I wanted to share with him but didn’t.
Welt: But it later came to me that this wasn’t him… he was gone long ago.
Welt: It wasn’t easy for me to grasp this idea.
Bronya: …The Bronya might be able to relate to it.
Welt: So, when I miss him, I come here.
Welt: It may sound cliche, but seeing the city thriving offers me some kind of comfort, that his sacrifice wasn’t in vain.
Bronya: …Hmm.
Welt: The bright side of the world keeps reminding me that I cannot dwell in the past.
Welt: This is not how we honor those who have given up their lives for humanity.
Welt looked to Bronya. Maybe what he said would set off ripples in her mind.
Bronya: Echoes… from the mind.
Bronya tried to feel the weight of these words.
Bronya: Which is to say, such conditions would be experienced by anyone with a Herrscher Core inside them?
Bronya: Including Mei, Fu Hua, and… Kiana.
Welt: Yes, even moreso for Kiana as she has more than one Core.
Bronya: Kiana…
Bronya sighed heavily.
Bronya: That idiot… She never talked to us about this. Not even once.
Bronya: The Bronya wishes Kiana would be able to hear what Mr. Yang just said someday.
Welt: Yeah. A lot has happened recently. Anti-Entropy mechas out of control, weird puppets at crime scenes… I fear a new crisis looms.
Welt: If my fear proves to be justified and when the time comes, I hope you and Kiana…
Welt: …Can make the right decision.
Bronya: The right… decision?
Welt: I know you’ve both lost those important to you, but just like what I went through, I hope you could… you know…
Welt began to stutter. He wasn’t sure if what to follow would break the girl’s heart.
Bronya: Don’t worry, Mr. Yang.
Bronya reassured him.
Bronya: The Bronya knows what you wish to say.
Welt took a careful look at Bronya. Her eyes spoke of sorrow but also determination.
Bronya: The Bronya… has accepted all of this.
Bronya: Not willingly, but still…
Bronya: This may sound heartless…
Bronya: …But the Bronya has decided to step forward.
Bronya: The freezing cold Siberia taught the Bronya one thing:
Bronya: Never turn back, because the footprints behind you are long gone in the wind and snow… there’s no way to go but forward.
Having finished her words, she sat her eyes on the cheerful crowd in the distance and spoke no more.
Welt followed her eyes.
A tough girl, Welt thought.
Much tougher than himself at the same age.
After knowing the side effects of a Herrscher Core, her first concern was Kiana.
Maybe Kiana is still having a hard time walking out from the shadow.
Bronya: …Huh?
Welt: What’s wrong?
Bronya: The Bronya heard some noise.
Man: Come on, there’s a sculpture exhibition on the viewing deck. Let’s check it out!
Young Office Lady: That’s a fancy place to see sculptures.
Welt: Wanna go and have a look?
Bronya: Maybe not.
Young Office Lady: What are they showing?
Man: Seems to be weird looking monsters. I only had a glimpse.
Welt: Huh?
Bronya: Monsters?
The two suddenly became alert.
Welt: We’d better go and check it out.
Bronya: Roger.
Bronya: These are…
Welt: Honkai Beasts?!
Staff Member in Costume: Ladies and gentlemen!
Staff Member in Costume: Something you’ve never seen in your life!
Staff Member in Costume: The monster show of the century!
Staff Member in Costume: Hey, mister, are you taking your daughter to see the cool monsters?
Welt: I…
Bronya: Where do these exhibits come from?
Staff Member in Costume: Hah, you seem to be very interested, little girl.
Staff Member in Costume: But I only know we were commissioned to hold this exhibition.
Staff Member in Costume: These sculptures were sent by our client organisation. And they made it very clear these are not for sale.
Bronya: What organisation?
Staff Member in Costume: Er… we don’t know the specifics. Probably some fan club with a monster fetish.
Staff Member in Costume: But to be honest, it did give me the creeps when I first saw them. Not exactly my cup of tea.
Staff Member in Costume: Ah, what am I gibbering about? Anyway, art is only art in the eyes of art lovers.
Bronya and Welt exchanged a look… they looked and felt too real to be just sculptures.
In theory, no civilian had any contact with Honkai beasts, let alone creating such realistic sculptures in their image.
Welt: You must shut down the exhibition now!
Staff Member: What? Why?
Welt: These things are dangerous.
Staff Member: I don’t understand, sir. Why do you think they’re dangerous? Your daughter seems to be very interested in them.
Staff Member: Oh, I see. Relax, there are bearing bars behind them, so they won’t fall. And they won’t bite, haha.
Welt: …!
Bronya: What?
Bronya: They’re… moving?!
Staff Member: Huh?
Staff Member: What the hell?!
Bronya: Strange… they have zero Honkai energy reactions!
Welt: Deal with them first! We’ll look into it later!
Bronya: Understood!
Bronya: These Honkai beasts… they feel weird.
Bronya: It’s like hitting real sculptures…
Bronya: This is uncanny… why would the sculptures move just like the real ones?
Welt: Maybe it’s connected to the other anomalies recently. Let’s collect evidence and bring it back to the base for analysis.
Welt: Where’s the exhibition runner we saw? Maybe he can help us track down the supply.
Bronya: …
Bronya: Didn’t find him. He must have fled.
Welt: I’ll call someone to lock down the area. Meet you back at the base.
Bronya: Roger!


Gameplay 23-6 - Act 2, Scene 2:
Meeting room, Salt Lake Base.
Seele: Still can’t believe this… Thank goodness you didn’t get hurt.
Bronya: Yes, the monsters were easy to handle, but they could have hurt a lot of civilians.
Einstein: Anti-Entropy is looking into the black market for the supply. Any unaccounted ones must be destroyed on sight.
Einstein: The Sovereign is also tracking it down. It’s confirmed that all exhibits came from the same workshop. We’re locating it now.
Seele: Great… hope no one has to get hurt.
Tesla: Humph, that’s what you get for playing with fire.
Tesla: They went all the way to get their hands on these sculptures, but once they started to move, they screamed the loudest.
Bronya: The Bronya heard a similar story from Fu Hua. A professed dragon lover frightened to death by a real one.
Seele: How are things on your side, Dr. Tesla? I heard Dr. Einstein say you were having several hearings every day.
Tesla: They’re only trying to place the blame on us. Humph, not gonna happen. I think they’re having a big headache right now.
Seele: What happened?
Tesla: After that farce yesterday, we tracked down the black market dealing records, and guess what, a senator’s name popped up!
Tesla: This bombshell turned the whole of Congress upside down. Everyone from top to bottom has called to try talking him into surrendering the hidden goods, but who knew he was so sneaky as to take his “treasure” and escape with it overnight.
Tesla: The funniest thing was, his precious collection began to move on the way and almost bit his head off if not for Theresa.
Seele: That was close! Wait…
Bronya: What’s wrong, Seele?
Seele: “Silly Jack loves his pumpkin. He hugs his precious pumpkin and it bites off his head.”
Seele: That’s the show intro on the ticket we found at the college student’s apartment. Could it be a coincidence?
Tesla: You’re saying that the show foretold the story of that hapless senator? That’s far-fetched.
Einstein: …No, it’s a possibility.
Einstein: I prefer to call this an “advance crime notice”.
Seele: Advance crime notice?
Einstein: We ran tests on the show ticket and found traces of soil on it.
Einstein: …Further tests indicate the soil sample didn’t belong to the area.
Einstein: Which is to say, it may be connected to the murderer, or even left there on purpose by the murderer.
Einstein: Seele, Bronya, I read in your reports that the rampaging mechas and Honkai beasts were different from what we dealt with.
Seele: Yeah. They moved in a strange way. Felt… unnatural?
Bronya: They acted rigidly and had only one attack move, as if someone was pulling their strings.
Einstein: Similar reports came from Theresa too, indicating all these anomalies might be somehow connected.
Einstein: It follows that the criminal may use evidence from the last crime scene as an advance notice of the next crime.
Einstein: Of course, it would be best if they’re all coincidences. But if not, this might be a lot worse than we assumed.
Tesla: Hey, Mophead, did you… find something?
Einstein: I was about to share another piece of important information.
Einstein: We carefully studied the puppet retrieved from the apartment, and found something similar to a Herrscher Core inside.
Tesla: A Herrscher Core?
Einstein: The energy level is much lower, so it went under the radar all this time. Not a major menace, but we need to be prepared.
Einstein: For a new Honkai Impact.
Tesla: You’re saying… it’s a Herrscher?
Einstein: Not confirmed, but if my presumption is right, more like this will come, leading us closer to the true culprit.
Tesla: Tsk. If it’s a Herrscher, I’d call it the Herrscher of Cowardice.
Tesla: …Wait, so the Congress mecha riot could also be traced back to the same source? But what’s the motive?
Einstein: To smear Anti-Entropy’s reputation or distract us. Could also be both.
Einstein: Judging from the results, Dr. Tesla being held accountable did curb our efficiency.
Tesla: Wah, this is intolerable! The theory does connect all the dots. Hey, Mophead, is it enough to get me off the hook?
Einstein: Definitive evidence is still needed. That’s why the investigation on the workshop matters. We need to know more.
Einstein: Naturally, this operation involves high risks. In the worst case scenario, the workshop might be a trap itself.
Tesla: But we have to go even if it’s a trap. Ah, I hate this guy!
Bronya: …
Bronya: Dr. Einstein, can you assign the Bronya to this investigation?
Einstein: Sure. But try to avoid solo action, especially before we know who we are dealing with.
Seele: I… I’m going with Bronya!
Seele: I was a witness to the last event. I can help. And… I want to find out the truth too. The victims deserve that.
Einstein: I see. I’ll talk to you once we have the coordinates. Stay ready.
Bronya: Understood.
Seele: Yes!
Bronya: Taskforce has entered the target area. Awaiting further instructions.
Einstein: The result came out, and the dirt you just sampled matches what we found on the show ticket.
Einstein: Now we can say with safety that they’re serial crimes with a shared purpose.
Einstein: Proceed according to plan and head to the workshop, the confirmed source of all the sculptures on the market.
Einstein: It belongs to Miss Mira Rimmer, an esteemed sculptor who went missing a month ago.
Einstein: The inside of the workshop is unknown. Armed resistance is possible. Be advised and proceed with caution.
Seele: Understood.
Einstein: …
Seele: It might be dangerous, but the idea of fighting by your side has filled me with courage.
Bronya: Yes, the Bronya looks forward to seeing your recent progress.
Seele: And I also want to admire your fighting moves up close!
Bronya: Kiana talked to me about you last night. She spoke highly of you.
Seele: Really? But she was the one doing the heavy lifting, and I wasn’t much help…
Bronya: You fought bravely and gave her good company. That’s the sensitive and sweet Seele that the Bronya knows.
Bronya: Kiana always puts everything on her own shoulders. She needs companionship and good rest.
Seele: Is that why you offered to take on this mission?
Bronya: Hmm, perhaps… the Bronya has a bad feeling.
Seele: Bad feeling?
Bronya: Dr. Einstein knows it too. The enemies this time are highly dangerous. That’s what the Bronya’s battle instincts say.
Seele: Ugh…
Bronya: Sorry for the gibberish. Let’s carry on with the mission.
Bronya: Here.
Bronya: Seele, be careful. The Bronya will count to three and then we’ll open the door together.
Seele: Okay.
Bronya: One… two… three!
Seele: Ngh?!
Seele: Eh?
Seele: This is the inside of the workshop?
“Seele”: Don’t be silly. There’s no way the building contains such a massive space inside.
“Seele”: This seems like… a closed space in another dimension without any exit. Tsk, the worst situation.
Seele: Bronya… I can’t find Bronya!
“Seele”: What? Scared again? Heh, just like the old times. Fortunately, you have me.
“Seele”: Hey, Seele, we should switch now. This place doesn’t feel right.
Seele: Don’t worry, I’ll try hard to calm down.
“Seele”: Huh?
Seele: We need to find Bronya. Er, we can’t stand still here. Let’s check out the surroundings.
Seele: Why would there be zombies here?
“Seele”: Just like the rampant mechas we saw, someone is pulling the strings.
Seele: Dr. Einstein was right.
Seele: Haa… Haa…
“Seele”: Hey, Seele, quit acting tough now. You don’t look good.
Seele: It’s… it’s okay…
Seele: Besides, we can still unleash the power of us both if it gets really hairy.
“Seele”: That would burden you too much and wouldn’t last long. Listen to me, just run when you see trouble.
Seele: Yeah, I know, but I can still move on. I want to bring back more clues to Dr. Einstein.
“Seele”: Seele…
Seele: Hmm? Who’s there…?


CG plays wherein a girl identical to the small puppets reveals herself, introducing this space to Seele:
???: Welcome to the Theatre of Domination.


Gameplay 23-7 - Act 2, Scene 3:
???: The true martyr Mira Rimmer will offer her all to the great Masters of Monsters!
Seele: Are you… the puppet we saw before?
“Seele”: Back off, Seele. This thing is dangerous!
“Seele”: Run!
Puppet: Hehe, wanna run? You can’t run! Can’t run! Open your eyes! Time to wake up!
“Seele”: What’s going on? Seele? Seele? Where are you?
Puppet: Why run? Compared to that weak and tearful girl, you’re more like us.
“Seele”: Huh? What are you talking about? We’re not the same kind. You gross me out.
Puppet: Hehe, give up now. She doesn’t need you anymore.
Puppet: Can’t you see? She’s been trying to get rid of you.
Puppet: You knew it, but you wouldn’t face the facts.
“Seele”: …Shut up!
Puppet: You’re a freak. Always, always a freak.
Puppet: Freak! Freak! A freak with black claws!
Puppet: You and us… we’re birds of a feather. Hehe!
“Seele”: Don’t act like you know me! And you don’t get to tell me what I am!
Puppet: Hahahaha!
Puppet: Ahahahahaha!
Puppet: It must really hurt! Hahahahaha!
Seele: The other me?
Seele: The other me, are you okay?
Seele: The other me! Where are you? Are you alright?
Puppet: Hehe, you better worry about yourself first.
Puppet: False souls like you don’t deserve to be entertained in the Theater of Domination.
Puppet: Curious power. Is this your trump card? You’re really giving everything you have, huh?
Puppet: But… it seems this power can’t last for long, right? Hee-hee-hee!
Seele: Haa… Haa…
Seele: Not good… time is up…
Puppet: Hehe, feeling exhausted now, huh? Laboring to keep standing?
Seele: Who… who are you? What did you do to the other me?
Puppet: The other you? No, she’s not you. She belongs with us. You’ll see that soon.
Seele: I’m not letting you take her!
Seele: I will protect her… I will!
Puppet: Humph, listen to yourself. Hypocrites like you are the worst. Don’t you feel sick?
Puppet: Hehe, she’s the real soul here. We’re birds of a feather and she loathes this pathetic world just like us.
Seele: Don’t pretend like you know her!
Puppet: Oh, she said the same thing. Clearly, you must go before she can join us.
Puppet: Yeah, with you out of the picture, she won’t say no to us. It has to be!
Seele: …?!
Seele: My body feels so heavy…
Seele: My vision’s starting to blur too…
Seele: The other me, are you alright?
Seele: No, I can’t… not yet…
“Seele”: Seele! Seele!
“Seele”: Hey, Seele! Seele!


Gameplay 23-8 - Act 2, Scene 4:
???: Seele… Seele…
Seele: Er…
???: Seele!
Seele: Ugh… Bronya?
Bronya: Are you alright, Seele?
Seele: I… I’m out? Huh? Bronya?
Bronya: Out? Where were you? We were together when we pushed the door open, but the Bronya turned around and you were gone.
Bronya: The Bronya searched for you everywhere and found you lying on the ground after returning here.
Seele: I…
Bronya: A pitch dark theater… and a puppet calling herself Mira Rimmer?
Seele: Yeah… she looked weird and she controlled Honkai beasts and zombies to attack me.
Seele: I felt like… she was a living, breathing person…
Bronya: How did you escape?
Seele: I can’t remember very clearly.
Seele: (Before passing out, I seemed to hear the other me calling my name anxiously.)
Seele: (Did she save me?)
Seele: (The other me? Was it you?)
“Seele”: …
Seele: (Oh… I can feel her now. Great, she’s fine.)
Seele: (Thank you.)
Seele: I think someone helped me.
Bronya: Someone? Never mind, the Bronya is just glad you’re unharmed. Can you walk?
Seele: It’s okay. I feel much better now. You were looking for me the whole time? We should continue with the mission now.
Seele and Bronya walked into the workshop.
Seele: Bronya, there’s a book on the shelf that has a very different color!
Bronya: This is… a manuscript?
Seele: Wah!
Seele: Black pages… Looks scary.
Bronya: Are these words? Symbols? The Bronya has never seen anything like this.
Seele: Looks like an ancient script. Some pages are broken. Maybe they were burnt.
Seele: Just looking at it gives me the creeps. Where does it come from?
Seele: Ugh… I think I’m a little bit dizzy now…
Bronya: Seele!
Bronya: Don’t stare at it. It could be dangerous. Let’s bring it back to Anti-Entropy.
Seele: A lot of Honkai beast sculptures here. Some are half done.
Bronya: Be careful, Seele, they may start to move all of a sudden.
Seele: Bronya, there’s something written on the back of the base!
Bronya: Looks the same as the symbols on the script. Wait, the line below should be the translation.
Bronya: “The will, the mind, and the soul - everything shall be returned to the Masters of Monsters.”
Seele: Masters of Monsters?
Bronya: Probably refers to the Honkai beasts.
Bronya: Street rumors say a cult worshiping Honkai beasts has risen. Maybe Mira Rimmer is a member.
Bronya: They believe these mysterious monsters will deliver them and take them to paradise.
Seele: That’s absurd… Why would they have such crazy ideas?
Bronya: Maybe because when they’re in the dark, people always desperately struggle to grasp onto something.
Seele: There’s thick dust on the desk. Looks like it’s been a long time since the owner was here.
Bronya: But the orders on the rack are recent. Even yesterday some were shipped out.
Bronya: Could it be there’s someone impersonating her and selling the sculptures?
Bronya: Sort out what we know and report to Dr. Einstein.
???: Crack… crack…
Seele: Huh? I think I heard something from outside the door.
Bronya: …Let’s go check.
Seele: Ah… Honkai beasts!
Bronya: The sculptures in the lounge. We have to deal with them before they get out!
Bronya: This is… a broken puppet?
Seele: Wait, this puppet… is the one I met in the theater!
Seele: The inside of its left arm has cuts from my scythe. They’re unmistakable. Only it’s broken now.
Bronya: Just like the one found in John Doe’s apartment. So, we can also expect…
Bronya: Found it. A new show ticket.
Seele: “Featured: The Mouse and the Eagle. The mouse and the eagle. What a peculiar sight! An eagle with the tail of a mouse!”
Seele: An advance notice of the next crime!
Bronya: The criminal was careful and did not leave anything else, but we’ve learned a lot already. The investigation is fulfilled.
Bronya: Anyway, we should head back and report what we found.


Gameplay 23-9 - Act 2, Scene 5:
A few days later.
Seele: Kiana, I’m at the other exit now!
Kiana: Good, let’s flank them and take care of everyone.
Kiana: We’re leading them to the designated area for retrieval, right?
Seele: Yes, Dr. Einstein asked us to collect more samples.
Kiana: I got this!
Kiana: Hehe, piece of cake.
Kiana: Seele, some mechas came your way!
Seele: Copy!
Seele: Kiana, any progress?
Kiana: All done. A puppet and a show ticket were found. Dr. Einstein was right.
Kiana: But this time no one saw the Theater of Domination like you did last time either.
Seele: Oh, I see… it’s more complicated than I thought.
Kiana: The missing person was found too. A salary man who locked himself up after being fired. Not very stable.
Seele: So is the sculptor named Mira Rimmer. She’s been in a stupor since being rescued and knows nothing about what the puppet did.
Seele: Just like last time, he might be able to recover slowly after we take the core out from the puppet, right?
Seele: But why did the criminal target common people like him? His identity was stolen. We won’t know if no one called the police.
Kiana: The police said the criminal impersonated him and scammed everyone he knows. What’s the point?
Kiana: I don’t get it… I’ve lost count of such bizarre cases lately. Our criminal is a curious fellow for sure.
Kiana: Why would anyone put up an advance notice before the crime? Why not just show up and own up to it?
Seele: Dr. Einstein said it could be that the criminal wanted to put fear and confusion in us.
Kiana: Well, if so, it worked. I heard Dr. Tesla’s roar when I passed the meeting room this morning.
Kiana: “The advance notice is an outright declaration of war! I’m going to find this bastard and blast whoever it is to pieces!”
Seele: That sounds just like Dr. Tesla. You’re a natural at this, Kiana!
Seele: Let’s see what’s on it. “The rusted tin glows. The children shout. The audience laughs. And lo! The odd eye pops out!”
Kiana: Ugh, sounds creepy as hell.
Seele: Like the previous ones, this is what the next crime should be.
Seele: Next, we need to hand it to the lab people and let them identify the next crime location based on soil analysis.
Salt Lake Base.
Seele: Finally back. After all this time, it’s beginning to feel like home here. It would look even better with decorations.
Staff: Hi, looking for someone?
Seele: Hello, this is the show ticket we got from the mission. We need someone to run tests and locate the next crime.
Staff: Oh, just give it to me. Good job.
Seele: Thank you.
Staff: We’ll work on it as soon as possible. Huh? Is this…
Staff: Er… you’re the… the Herrscher of the Void… right?
Kiana: …Yeah, that’s me.
Seele: Oh… she’s my friend Kiana. She led this mission.
Staff: Great!
Staff: I’ve always wanted to thank you in person, but I haven’t got the chance yet.
Kiana: Huh?
Staff: I come from Shenzhou and my family lives in Arc City. If it wasn’t for you, my parents wouldn’t have survived the outburst.
Staff: They’ve spoken of you many times, and they urge me to thank you in person knowing you’re here with us now.
Staff: Thank you for saving my family!
Kiana: You… you don’t have to… I only did what I should have done.
Staff: Not everyone has your courage, Miss Kaslana. You’re the hero of the city. We won’t forget that.
…
Kiana: Hero? Me?
Seele: That’s great, Kiana, see? Not everyone is afraid of you. People remember what you’ve done for us.
Seele: Not just her. I heard many staff members spoke of you.
Seele: Yes, some are still afraid of you, but more and more people understand your situation and they feel for you.
Seele: So, try to take it easy, Kiana. Remember that you’re our hero!
Kiana: …Thank you, Seele, for everything you’ve done.
Kiana: Bronya was right.
Seele: Huh? What did she say about me?
Kiana: Er… it’s a secret. I’m hungry now. Let’s go eat something.
Seele: Come on, don’t leave me hanging! Please tell me, Kiana.
Seele: Kiana had a much better appetite this time. I’m so glad.
“Seele”: You can’t even take good care of yourself and you’re worried sick about her?
Seele: She’s Bronya’s good friend, and that makes her my friend too. Of course I care about her.
“Seele”: …
Seele: (Ugh, awkward silence again…)
Seele: (After the Theater of Domination, the other me’s rarely spoke to me. What’s wrong?)
Seele: (I don’t know what happened, and she won’t tell me either. Er… maybe I should say something else.)
Seele: I… I’m getting used to living here. I’ve made a lot of new friends, and they’re really nice to me.
“Seele”: …
Seele: Er… I finished the required training and even did more! I’ll overcome my weaknesses and become as reliable as Bronya.
“Seele”: …
Seele: Oh, right! The cafe I went to with Kiana has come up with new varieties! Maybe we can ask her to go there again…
“Seele”: Kiana, Kiana… has she enchanted you?
Seele: Huh?
“Seele”: Before it was Bronya, and before that it was Cocolia. You’re just a big baby!
Seele: But I…
“Seele”: You said you’d be strong and independent, that you wouldn’t need to ask for help, but why do you keep calling their names?
Seele: The other me, I don’t quite understand…
“Seele”: Enough! Just suit yourself!
Seele: The other me… why would you be so upset?
Seele: …
Seele: The other me?
“Seele”: …
“Seele”: A name…
“Seele”: Maybe the puppet in the theater…
“Seele”: You again? I said we were not the same kind. Stop bothering me.
Puppet: Me? Who? Lily doesn’t understand. Lily is Lily. Lily is also everyone.
Puppet: Poor John died, but it doesn’t matter. We are many.
Puppet: We are not the same one. We are the same one. We all are. He is. I am. You can be too.
“Seele”: Enough.
“Seele”: I’m leaving.
Puppet: Why? Why are you leaving? There’s no one else here. Aren’t you fond of locking yourself up in a small room?
“Seele”: None of your business.
Puppet: Ah, Lily understands now. You are distanced and abandoned. That’s why you always hide in your little room, right?
“Seele”: Get out.
Puppet: Huh? Lily got it wrong? Isn’t it because no one wants you that you cry your big eyes out in here? Haha, poor girl!
Puppet: You’re only her shadow, a lie. But now, she doesn’t even need you anymore. Hahaha!
“Seele”: Shut up.
Puppet: She has new friends now, hasn’t she? People who care about her. She won’t be lonely anymore.
Puppet: See? She won’t quit calling her friends’ names. But you? You don’t even have a name! Hahaha!
“Seele”: Shut… up!
Puppet: You know it. You’re no different from Sirin… no different from us!
Puppet: She hates you. She denies everything about you. She wishes you gone!
Puppet: You call her a coward, but in the end, you’re the coward yourself. Afraid to face the facts… afraid of being abandoned by her!
“Seele”: SHUT UP!!!
“Seele”: …!!!
Puppet: Oh, you’re mad. That’s it for today then.
Puppet: Such a pity. You have such good potential. You’re far better off with us.
Puppet: You can say no, but it matters not. The strings are already getting to you now.
Puppet: The Theater of Domination welcomes your next visit!
“Seele”: …
She clenched her hand so hard that it pressed the armrest into pieces.
But as she released her hand, the pieces formed a black mist and restored the armrest.
This was a world of her creation, where destruction was meaningless and cannot serve as a way to vent her anger.
It further sank her already heavy mood.
“Seele”: Damn it.
“Seele”: Damn it! Damn it! Damn it!
“Seele”: …


Gameplay 23-10 - Act 2, Scene 6:
6 AM, Seele’s room, Salt Lake Base.
Seele: …
Seele: Oh no, I overslept!
Seele: …Huh?
Seele: …
Ningyo: …!
Sophia: Seele is here!
Nina: Seele is late. That’s rare.
Seele: …
Seele: Sorry, I won’t be late tomorrow.
10 AM, training room, Salt Lake Base.
Seele: …
Seele: Let’s begin today’s training!
Seele: The other me, see? They’ve updated the training facilities.
Seele: …
Seele: The other me, look, I challenged something more difficult today.
Seele: …
System: Training complete. Duration: 167s.
Seele: The other…
Seele: …
Seele: Sigh…
12 PM, cafeteria, Salt Lake Base.
…
3 PM, meeting room, Salt Lake Base.
…
11 PM, Seele’s room, Salt Lake Base.
After tossing and turning for a long time, she opened her eyes and sighed.
Seele: …
Seele: It’s a little bit too quiet… I’m not used to it.
Seele: The other me, can you stop being mad at me?
Seele: I know you care about me. You always keep me company and protect me.
Seele: What you said was for my own good. I know that.
Seele: You always stand up for me in a fight, because you don’t want to see me hurt. But I don’t want you to get hurt either.
Seele: You’re important to me, and no one can replace you. I want to become as strong as you so that I can protect you too.
Seele: You don’t want me to make new friends, because you’re afraid I might get hurt or bullied and hide in the toy box again.
Seele: But it’s okay. I’m not afraid, because I have you by my side.
Seele: You always tell me to care more about myself, but “myself” includes you, right?
Seele: You asked me who you are to me.
Seele: I thought long and hard. There can only be one answer.
Seele: You’re me, and I’m you. We’re equal. You wish me happiness, and I wish you too.
Seele: You seem to be upset about not having a name? We’re equal, and I want to call you by your name.
Seele: So if you have a name you like, just tell me.
Seele: I want to know how you feel…
“Seele”: What is she mumbling about?
“Seele”: I hope she’s not so naive as to believe this little talk can move me.
“Seele”: Whatever she says, I’ve decided to leave her alone.
“Seele”: …
“Seele”: She’s still going on and on? That’s a long confession.
“Seele”: Never mind, she sounds sincere at least. I won’t hold it against her anymore.
“Seele”: I’ll show up and talk to her in a moment.
“Seele”: I don’t fully reject the idea of reconciliation, but it depends on her attitude.
“Seele”: …
“Seele”: Huh? Why has she stopped?
“Seele”: …
“Seele”: …?
“Seele”: …
“Seele”: …
“Seele”: …
“Seele”: You just fell asleep like that? Hey, who gave you permission? I remember you still had something to say, no?
“Seele”: Don’t stop now! Say you need me… say we’re equal… say you can’t live without me!
“Seele”: If it wasn’t coming from you, I’d never tolerate such a long, boring speech!
“Seele”: Idiot! Idiot! Seele the big idiot!
“Seele”: …
“Seele”: …
“Seele”: …
“Seele”: I know you don’t need me anymore.
“Seele”: You’re making progress every day and becoming strong. Someday you’ll be able to hold your own.
“Seele”: I was born out of your desire for protection, but… seems you don’t need it anymore.
“Seele”: You’re tough now, and everyone loves you. You can handle your life on your own.
“Seele”: I knew this day would come. I knew I would become unnecessary.
“Seele”: I only threw a tantrum at you to cover up my anxiety and… loneliness.
“Seele”: …
“Seele”: But you came to apologise first and comforted me. You’re such an idiot. A soft, gentle idiot.
“Seele”: I won’t buy that dumb puppet’s story anyway. I know how you’ve felt all along.
“Seele”: After all, we’re one. We’re both Seele.
“Seele”: Before that day comes, I’ll do my best to protect you and keep harm away from you.
“Seele”: Until the day when you become fully fledged.
“Seele”: …
“Seele”: …
“Seele”: …
“Seele”: What the hell did I just say!
“Seele”: What’s gotten into me? Bad food?
“Seele”: But I didn’t do the eating, so it has to be this idiot!
“Seele”: Hey, how come you can still sleep so tightly! Really pisses me off!








CG plays wherein “Seele” attempts to get her “revenge” on Seele:
“Seele”: Hmph.
“Seele”: Why should I be worrying over an idiot?
“Seele”: I’ll write “Seele is an idiot” over your pretty face.
“Seele”: Wait till you become a laughing stock tomorrow.
“Seele”: …Whatever.
“Seele”: This body belongs to me too, so it’s not worth it.
“Seele”: What an idiot.


6 AM, Seele’s room, Salt Lake Base.
Seele: …
“Seele”: Hey, Seele, wake up.
“Seele”: Get up now, or the kids will make fun of you again.
“Seele”: Hey, get up!
Seele: Aargh!
Seele: What… the other me, you scared me again… Huh?
“Seele”: Humph, what? Want me to wake you up gently?
Seele: Hehe, nothing, it’s alright!
“Seele”: Humph…
Alarm: All combat personnel report to the meeting room. Repeat: all combat personnel report to the meeting room.
Seele: …!
Einstein: Sorry, there’s an emergency.
Tesla: What? I can finally go back now?
Einstein: Yes, but it’s not necessarily good news.
Einstein: The worst has happened. Data shows that the cores extracted from the puppets are highly similar to that of a certain Herrscher.
Einstein: The 10th Herrscher, the Herrscher of Domination, also known as the Legion Herrscher in the Previous Era.
Seele: The Legion Herrscher?
Tesla: There are a thousand of them. They’re weak individually, but they act in a coordinated manner and are hard to deal with.
Tesla: But Mophead, the 10th Herrscher in the Previous Era doesn’t necessarily match the pattern we’re seeing now.
Tesla: The 1000 individuals were all human beings each with a Core inside, and there wasn’t anything about puppets or a theater.
Einstein: That’s why I didn't jump to the conclusion earlier. The differences have further complicated the situation.
Einstein: Herrschers of our time have exhibited different traits compared to those from the Previous Era.
Einstein: Humanity has evolved, and so have they.
Einstein: It would be problematic to deduct the Herrscher we’re facing now based on records from the Previous Era.
Tesla: Simply put, we’re looking at a more complicated case.
Tesla: I remember the Legion Herrscher in the Previous Era could keep their minds in sync and work seamlessly together to mount up serial attacks.
Tesla: If this hasn’t changed, it’s not hard to explain why the puppets can produce an accurate advance crime notice every time.
Einstein: Schicksal says similar cases have broken out all over the globe, each connected to a broken puppet and a show ticket.
Einstein: In addition, some crime scenes with similar traces but nothing else were found. Maybe the World Serpent was there first.
Tesla: Schicksal and the World Serpent both? Now every piece of evidence points to the emergence of a new Herrscher.
Tesla: You were right. I can finally come back now, but I find it hard to cheer up.
Tesla: And… I can tell from the look on your face that you’re holding something even worse back.
Einstein: How I wish your keen observation could be put to better use.
Einstein: Just now, the result of the soil tracing test came out. Their next target is…
Einstein: The Salt Lake Base.


Act 3 - Act 3:
Gameplay 23-11 - Act 3, Scene 1:
Later that night, Salt Lake Base.
All was quiet.
The usually crowded hallway was vacant.
Seele: Just like a space station.
Bronya: Or… Matushka Cocolia’s food stash?
Seele: Hehe, you’re right.
Seele knew Bronya was trying to ease the tension. The warm childhood memory made her lips curve into a smile.
Bronya: The Bronya never foresaw that one day Seele would fight alongside her back to back.
Seele: I’m just glad to finally be helpful.
“Seele”: Tsk, come on, someone has been sweating nonstop.
Seele: …
Seele: Bronya, are you nervous?
Bronya: Of course.
Bronya replied gently.
Bronya: Dr. Einstein has a sound plan, but we know very little of our enemies, and that places us in a disadvantageous position.
To minimise the risks, Dr. Einstein evacuated all personnel in the base.
Mechas couldn’t be counted on either. They were transferred to a distant warehouse.
Considering the advance notice might be a trap, Kiana followed Theresa to ensure personnel safety.
As for Seele and Bronya who had fought the puppets before, they were stationed at the base to stand guard.
Bronya: Even though we’re faced with an unknown enemy, we need to give everything we have.
Bronya: Hmm, I’ve been training hard for this day to come.
Bronya: Last time in the Sea of Quanta, it was also you who saved the Bronya.
Seele: Oh, that was…
“Seele”: Clap… clap… clap…
“Seele”: It was all thanks to Seele. Seele was incredible…
The other Seele was making fun of her in her head.
Seele: Um…
Bronya: Huh? What’s wrong, Seele?
Seele: No… no, don’t worry. Bronya, I want to tell you something.
Bronya: What?
Seele: I should have told you long ago back at the orphanage.
“Seele”: Hey, are you trying to…
Seele: Surviving the Sea of Quanta and saving you… I couldn’t have done it on my own…
“Seele”: Hey, idiot, now’s not the time for this!
Bronya: Wait, Seele!
Seele: Huh?
Bronya: I heard something…
Seele: Are these… deserted mechas in the warehouse? They weren’t transferred?
Seele: But they’re all broken like that and can’t do much damage.
Bronya: Let’s just be safe and put them to rest. Hope the doctors won’t mind.
“Seele”: Humph, weird stuff every time.
“Seele”: The Herrscher of Domination? What a pest.
“Seele”: Huh? That’s…
“Seele”: Seele, that place doesn’t feel right.
Seele: …Not right?
“Seele”: I can feel the presence of something dark… the theater…
Seele: Er, then… Bronya and I will go and investigate.
“Seele”: Be careful. It could be a trap.
Seele: Bronya, there’s something over there…
Bronya: Huh? That’s…
Bronya: …A spatial crack?
Seele: Why would it be here, in the base?
Bronya: Maybe it’s a trap. We should attack and neutralise it just to be safe.
???: Dear audience, please do not speak loudly in the theater!
Bronya: …!


Gameplay 23-12 - Act 3, Scene 2:
Bronya: …
Bronya: …This is?
Bronya: Seele?!
Puppet: Whoops, they were separated again.
Bronya: A puppet… no, a Herrscher!
Puppet: Welcome to the Theater of Domination. I’m your host tonight, Jerry Barbera!
Puppet: Please be seated. The prelude is about to begin. Oh, apologies, it’s actually the finale of the Herrscher of Reason.
Bronya: (This is… the Theater of Domination that Seele mentioned…)
Bronya: (It feels like… entering the Sea of Quanta for the first time, only… this is neither reality nor the Sea of Quanta.)
Puppet: (Hey, what are you looking at?)
Puppet: Oh, I see. You’re looking for the timid purple girl.
Bronya: …
Puppet: Relax, neither of you is walking out of here alive. But unlike you, she hasn’t outlived her usefulness…
Puppet: …Just yet.
Bronya: So Seele is here somewhere too.
Puppet: Alright, don’t keep the audience waiting!
Puppet: Introducing the leading character of the night:
Puppet: The Herrscher of Reason, the first traitor of the Honkai, and the protector of the worm civilisation.
Puppet: In comparison to her predecessors, she has proved to be the biggest failure yet!
Bronya: …
Puppet: First, let’s take a quick look at her short and miserable life…
Puppet: Bronya Zaychik, born in Siberia… blah blah…
Puppet: …Fast forward to the highlight! After a few days in a sick bed, she became the Herrscher of Reason.
Puppet: But unfortunately, she hasn’t been able to win even one battle ever since.
Puppet: Lost to the leader of the World Serpent, trapped in the Sea of Quanta, and put to sleep facing the Herrscher of Sentience.
Puppet: Hahaha… Ahem, sorry, where is my professionalism? I shouldn’t have laughed so hard as the host.
Puppet: But dear audience, the most curious thing is, she still finds herself a tough fighter!
Puppet: The only reason why she still breathes is dumb luck, which put the Herrscher Core in her hand.
Puppet: Look at her peers. She can match no one. She even failed to succeed the Welt name.
Bronya: You know the Bronya inside out, as if you were watching her the whole time.
Puppet: Haha, it’s just my homework. Relax, I get every detail right.
Puppet: You know what I think? Without the Core, you’re just like us.
Puppet: Seriously, even I would make a better Herrscher than you if I had the Core!
Puppet: Ah, how about this: you give the Core to me and I’ll handle the Honkai for you. Sounds good?
Bronya: Are you done with your stand-up comedy? Not funny at all.
Bronya: Jerry Barbera. The Bronya remembers this name. An unsuccessful comedian who has gone missing.
Bronya: Are you playing him? Or, are you him?
Puppet: Hey, I did you a huge favor wrapping up your pathetic life, and I don’t even get a “thank you”?
Bronya: Right, the Bronya thanks you.
Bronya: Thanks to you, the Bronya has connected the dots and worked out the answer.
Puppet: What?
Bronya: But you can’t have this Core. The Bronya still needs it.
Bronya: And as a comedian, you don’t need one to start with.
Puppet: The show begins now!
Puppet: Lo and behold! The swan song of the traitor of the Honkai, the Herrscher of Reason!
Bronya: Calm down…
Bronya: Analyse the enemy’s structure and calculate its weaknesses…
Bronya: This puppet is highly emotional. Might be a chance to collect more intel.
Puppet: Oh, where is your cute little bike now?
Puppet: I’ll yank you off the bike just like the Herrscher of Sentience did!
Bronya: The enemy doesn’t have the ability to manipulate space, so this theater is likely an accessory to a certain power.
Bronya: If Seele was drawn into the crack, she should reappear somewhere else in this theater…
Bronya: The Bronya should move as much as possible and try to reunite with Seele.
Puppet: Stop running. You’re not getting out.
Puppet: What do you take this place for? A rabbit hole where you can scamper around freely?
Bronya: Rabbits are a lot cuter than you.
Bronya: Analysis complete…
Puppet: About time for the curtain call!
Bronya: Agreed. This farce should end now.
Puppet: Ouch! That hurts! Are you dead serious about killing me?
Puppet: That’s so mean of you! I thought you were all about justice, Bronya!


CG plays wherein the puppet turns the tide, encasing Bronya in a strange cage-like structure:
Puppet: But… I’ve been waiting for this moment!


Bronya: …What?!
Puppet: Dear audience, thank you for your remarkable patience! The waiting is over!
Puppet: Now, the curtain call, where the show ends with my noble sacrifice and… the death of the Herrscher of Reason!
Puppet: This is the end!
Bronya: Ugh… Ah…


Gameplay 23-13 - Act 3, Scene 3:
Bronya: Ugh…
A sharp pain sent Bronya kneeling to the ground.
The pain wasn’t fatal, but somehow she felt that a part of her soul was ripped off.
Meanwhile, every weapon she constructed in the battle vanished.
Bronya: Huff… huff…
The Core was taken? Bronya put her hand on her chest to confirm something.
The Core was still there, right where it should be, but…
Bronya: My power… was…
Seele: Bronya!
Seele: I followed the explosion here. What happened? Are you hurt?
Bronya: Seele! Thank goodness you’re alright. The Bronya is fine too, but…
Bronya: The Bronya can’t seem to use the powers of the Herrscher of Reason anymore…
Bronya: The Bronya can still feel the Core inside, but her power somehow drained away after being attacked by the puppet.
Bronya: This is not good. The enemies are even more dangerous than expected. The puppet is gone. We need to leave now!
Bronya: Seele, watch out!
Seele: …Another puppet?
Seele: But it doesn’t look aggressive.
Bronya: Don’t drop your guard. We don’t know what they’re up to.
Puppet: Conspiracy. Ha, conspiracy.
Puppet: Yes, they’re all conspiracies…
Puppet: Everyone stays away from me, isolates me, and leaves the hardest work to me. Even at lunch, I get less food than others!
Puppet: I’ve had enough. I want revenge.
Puppet: I’ll let everyone know what the company will turn into without me!
Puppet: They’ll pay for what they did! Hahahaha!!!
Seele: Another puppet again…
Puppet: Why? Why? Why? Why does it need another retouch! How many times is that now?
Puppet: Tell me, how to make it “bigger but smaller”? What color is “vibrant black”? Here you are. Take the brush and show me.
Puppet: Enough. Enough. Enough. I give up.
Puppet: I have zero talent. I shouldn’t have become a designer. I shouldn’t have been born.
Puppet: My life is a joke. A bad one.
Bronya: These things just won’t leave us alone.
Puppet: I know it. Mum, Dad, and everyone else loves my sister. They always say “you should be proud of her”.
Puppet: The teachers too. “Your sister got everything right. Why can’t you?”
Puppet: Even when picking gifts, she always gets to pick first and I have to settle for what’s left.
Puppet: I’m not her shadow!!!
Puppet: Ah, will Mum and Dad love me more if she’s gone?
Puppet: If only she was gone… Why hasn’t she yet?
Seele: Bronya, I don’t understand. These puppets… they used to be normal. Why would they change into this?
Bronya: No, they’re the 10th Herrscher. They’re puppets who steal human minds and mimic human behaviors in the name of the Honkai.
Seele: But the stories they tell and the anguish they show do belong to people we don’t know, people in despair…
Bronya: Seele, don’t be distracted! Every human being has their painful or sad moments, but also happy and joyful memories.
Bronya: But these puppets don't. They represent the worst of us when we’re consumed by despair. Don’t be pulled into that vortex!
Seele: No exit here either… What’s going on?
Bronya: The space here doesn’t seem to be a continuum. Hmm, let’s check the other side.


Gameplay 23-14 - Act 3, Scene 4:
Seele: This is… where I first came in? We’re back at the starting point?
Seele: What to do now? I can’t find an exit…
Bronya: It’s alright. We can try something else. If the puppets can crack it open and drag us out, there must be a way out.
Puppet: Hehehe!
Seele: …!
Seele: Bronya, watch out!
Seele: Huh? There are… more and more of them?
Puppet: The new toys are super fun!
Puppet: We should be grateful for Jerry’s sacrifice! Long live Jerry!
Puppet: If it was up to me, I’d kill the traitor right away.
Puppet: No, no, no! We can’t play with the new toys if she’s dead. Hehehe!
Puppet: I wanna play too! Let me play with the new toys!
Puppet: Hahaha!
Puppet: Hehehe!
Puppet: Hahahahaha!
Puppet: Eh?
Seele: Huh?
Puppet: What? Only a small knife? Lame.
Puppet: That’s your problem. See how I play with it!
Puppet: Whoa, a chainsaw! Great!
Seele: Why… are they using the Herrscher of Reason’s power?
Bronya: Ugh…
Seele: Bronya, are you okay?
Bronya: So they are indeed using…
Puppet: Hehehe! You figured it out! You figured it out!
Puppet: We’re just borrowing it to have a bit of fun! Don’t be so petty!
Puppet: But we didn’t take it away from you, understand? See, you’re paying the price yourself! Hahaha!
Seele: You’re saying… you’re using Bronya’s power but she has to suffer the side effects?
Puppet: Hahaha! Smart girl! Smart girl! We’re the Herrscher of Domination after all!
Puppet: Thanks to you, we’re even stronger now!
Bronya: So… that’s their real plan…
Bronya: We were right to split our forces. If Kiana’s Herrscher power was taken too, it would be even worse than this…
Puppet: Useless! Useless! Everything you do is useless!
Puppet: You’re not getting out. You’ll be trapped here forever.
Puppet: Be afraid, cry aloud, and submit to despair! Become the next puppet and stage a never-ending show of your personal tragedy!
Bronya: The 10th Herrscher seems unable to master the Herrscher of Reason’s power yet. We need to act fast to send the message out!
Seele: But that’s your power. We can’t let them have it!
Bronya: The Bronya does not wish to admit defeat, but it’s impossible to take down every individual of the 10th Herrscher here…
Bronya: It’s alright, Seele. The Bronya didn’t come all this way just relying on the Core.
Bronya: Mr. Yang said that the true power of the Herrscher of Reason lay in observation and analysis.
Bronya: Even without Herrscher powers, the Bronya can accomplish what others cannot!
Seele: Bronya…
Bronya: Remember what the Bronya just brought up?
Bronya: The Bronya will try to calculate the location of the crack using Project Bunny and rely on your protection for now.
Seele: Okay, understood! I’ll have your back!
Bronya: …Seele, look!
Seele: We found the exit?
Bronya: No, but it’s close. There’s a weak point within this space. If we focus our attacks there, we might have an opening!
Seele: Really? Great, let’s…
Puppet: Unforgivable! Unforgivable! Unforgivable!
Seele: Huh?
Puppet: Unforgivable! Unforgivable! Unforgivable!
Seele: What? Why did they start hammering us all of a sudden?
Puppet: Unforgivable! Unforgivable! Unforgivable!
Puppet: Your fate is to be trapped here forever and ever! Until the end of time!
Puppet: Why can’t you just follow the script?
Puppet: The script cannot be violated. No one gets out. No one!
Puppet: Why struggle in vain? Why not surrender peacefully?
Puppet: You’re only two puppets in this theater! Know your place!
Bronya: First time hearing puppets calling individuals with free will puppets.
Seele: I’m not gonna let you hurt Bronya!
Seele: The attacks are getting more and more violent, and the puppets seem to just keep on coming.
Bronya: This tells us one thing - our assumption was right.
Bronya: The weak point does lead to outside. That’s why they’re stopping us at all costs.
Seele: They’re afraid now. We need to grab this opportunity… Bronya, your hands!
Bronya: What?!
Bronya: These are…
Bronya: The space is corrupting the Bronya’s body? Why? Is it because the connection to the Herrscher Core was severed?
Bronya: Not good. If it continues… Seele will suffer too!
Seele: We must get out now!
Seele: Bronya, leave the fight to me! I’ll get you out of here!


Gameplay 23-15 - Act 3, Scene 5:
Bronya: Destination identified. Found it! There!
Seele: The platform… where I was when I entered the theater for the first time.
Seele: The platform is special. Maybe it’s the theater’s real exit!
Puppet: Unforgivable!
Bronya: They’re not prepared to send us off nicely, it would seem.
Seele: But we’re not getting trapped here either! Sorry!
Bronya: These things just keep coming.
Bronya: The Bronya can still hold on. Seele, open the exit!
Seele: Okay!
Seele: The weak point… is here!
Seele: Nothing happened!
“Seele”: Tsk, looks like the master of the theater is hellbent on keeping us here.
“Seele”: The 10th Herrscher is full of dirty tricks!
Seele: We don’t have much time. Bronya is…
Seele: The other me, how did you get me out last time?
“Seele”: Just like this, only the master of the theater wasn’t watching me closely, so it took one hit for me to crack it open.
“Seele”: But this time is different. Even with the power of both of us, I can’t ensure success.
Seele: …
Seele: But at least we still have a chance, right?
“Seele”: Huh?
Seele: The other me, you’re different from me. You can unleash the full potential of this body but I haven’t been able to up till now.
Seele: That’s why you could protect me in the Sea of Quanta. That’s why you could find the exit while I couldn’t.
Seele: If we have any chance at all, it’s gonna be in your hands.
“Seele”: What are you talking about?
Seele: Sorry, I said I wanted to be strong and independent. I know it may sound weird to ask for your help now…
Seele: But now is not the time to play tough and risk losing everything…
Seele: It’s not a shame to admit that I’m weak… especially when I’m asking for your help. I trust you the most.
“Seele”: Seele…
Seele: So…
Seele: The other me, please.
“Seele”: …?!


CG plays wherein “Seele” takes control in order to help break out of the Theater of Domination:
“Seele”: That was it?
“Seele”: The real games are just beginning.


“Seele”: Ha… I don’t know how you did it… you never fail to surprise me.
“Seele”: Turning the body control over to me. Can you really trust me?
Seele: Of course. I’ve never doubted you.
Seele: After all, I’ve been watching you the whole time, just like you’ve done the same to me.
Seele: So this time I’m gonna let you have total control of the body and rest in the depths of our consciousness.
Seele: This way, you won’t have to worry about me holding you back, and you can unleash everything we have.
“Seele”: …Hey, Seele, do you even hear yourself?
“Seele”: If you let me come out and take the wheel, everyone around you will know of my existence.
Seele: It’s fine. I’ve been thinking about introducing you to my friends for a long time.
“Seele”: You won’t be able to regret it if you lose their favor because they think you’re a freak.
Seele: I believe they’ll accept you, just like how they accepted me.
“Seele”: If you let me take control, you won’t be able to force-switch personality like before for a long time.
Seele: Yeah, I know.
“Seele”: You don’t even know what will happen if I unleash full power.
Seele: Yeah, that’s alright.
“Seele”: And if I refuse to wake you up later, you’ll be trapped in that long slumber forever.
Seele: Yeah, I understand.
“Seele”: You won’t be able to stop me even if I go full berserker, bully your friends, and do bad things to your precious Bronya.
Seele: You won’t.
Seele: I have faith in you.
“Seele”: …
“Seele”: …Ugh.
“Seele”: It remains a big mystery to me how you’ve survived to this day.
Seele: Because you’re always there for me. And Bronya. And Kiana. And many many other kind people out there.
“Seele”: …Ha.
“Seele”: You’re such a headache.
“Seele”: I know.
“Seele”: So, we’re cracking it open, huh? Consider it done.
“Seele”: I’ll get serious this time.
Seele: Thank you, the other me. Oh, right.
“Seele”: …?
Seele: You haven’t told me yet.
“Seele”: What?
Seele: What I asked you before. How you like to name yourself.
Seele: I’d like to call you by this name.
“Seele”: …
“Seele”: …Seele.
Seele: Huh? I’m here.
“Seele”: …
“Seele”: That’s the name I wanna be called.
Seele: …?
Seele: …Oh.
Seele: Yeah, I see!
“Seele”: I just fele that since we share the same body, it’s not too bad to share the same name too. Don’t read too much into it.
Seele: Hehe, so I’ll leave the rest to you now, Seele.
Seele: Alright. You can count on me, Seele.






















CG plays wherein the scales within their shared mental space are tipped, the black far outweighing the white as Seele’s other self takes full control.


..


CG plays wherein light pours from the Stigmata of Death on their chest as Seele offers up control of the body to her other self:
Seele: Please, Seele!
Seele: You’re helpless.
Seele: Leave it to me, Seele.
Seele: Let’s play!
Seele: Try your best to stay alive!
























































Game Ch XXIV: The Legion Theater


Act 1 - Act 4:
Gameplay 24-1 - Act 4, Scene 1:
Rustling sounds rose.
Noises soon filled the entire space.
Clanks of hard objects colliding, clicks of joints twisting, and thuds of wooden blocks rubbing against each other…
No light, no heat, no life, and no senses.
Like a droplet falling into dead water, a strange noise set off infinite ripples.
Heya… heya… It echoes on and on.
Clanks of hard objects colliding, clicks of joints twisting…
And thuds of thousands of wooden blocks rubbing against each other.
The noises took over the void space…
Puppet on the Judge Panel: Silence! Silence!
The gavel hit the table hard.
Puppet in the Auditorium: Hey! Why are you sitting up there?
Puppet in the Auditorium: Get down!
Puppet on the Judge Panel: First, as per convention, today is the day we share the latest developments and devise a plan for the next phase.
Puppet in the Auditorium: What’s there to share? Just the same every time. A little mischief here and a little sabotage there.
Puppet in the Auditorium: Yeah, nothing but monkey business. We’re a Herrscher! And we’re supposed to destroy the worm civilisation!
Puppet in the Auditorium: Ah, another day, another quarrel. I’ve got other businesses to tend to. Just let me know the gist of the meeting after.
Puppet in the Auditorium: Huh? Who are you? Do I know you?
No one listened to the judge panel.
Everyone was busy playing their own part on the stage in the Theater of Domination.
Maybe it was far more interesting than playing themselves in their miserable real lives.
Puppet on the Judge Panel: This week, we destroyed 32 power plants and caused blackouts and traffic jams in more than 20 cities.
Puppet on the Judge Panel: Mr. Landon, I’m sure you’d be delighted to learn your hometown was on the list. You never liked it.
Puppet in the Auditorium: Look closely. I’m not him. He sits across.
Puppet in the Auditorium: No, that’s not him either. He was taken out by Valkyries long ago.
Puppet on the Judge Panel: 11 major corporations went bankrupt because of us, including the one owned by Arthur’s father. Shout out to Arthur!
Puppet in the Auditorium: Oh, wasn’t he always whining about how his father had no time for the family? Now his father won’t have to work anymore. Haha!
Puppet on the Judge Panel: Two countries have resorted to armed conflicts after failing to solve the security disturbances we created.
Puppet in the Auditorium: If all goes well, we can even expect civil wars.
Puppet in the Auditorium: But is it truly our doing? I feel like things would turn out this way even without us.
Puppet in the Auditorium: Don’t dwell on it. He said we did it so we’ll just take credit for it.
Puppet on the Judge Panel: There were a few setbacks in the way. Damn the Valkyries!
Puppet on the Judge Panel: We lost many partners. They were recycled, disassembled, and… ah, I’ll just stop here.
Puppet on the Judge Panel: But their sacrifices won’t be in vain! We’re getting closer to our goal every single day!
Puppet on the Judge Panel: I hope we can maintain this momentum and keep up the good work. The world shall soon kneel before us!
A big round of applause came from the auditorium.
Puppet in the Auditorium: Yay!
Puppet in the Auditorium: It’s finally ending!
Puppet on the Judge Panel: Now is the time to figure out our next move…
Excited Puppet: I have a proposal!
Someone stood up.
Excited Puppet: We’ve taken the Herrscher of Reason’s power. We should do the same to other Herrschers and teach the traitors a lesson!
Excited Puppet: When the time is right, we’ll declare war on Anti-Entropy, Schicksal, and the World Serpent!
Puppet in the Auditorium: Yeah! Let these bastards know what we’ve got!
Puppet in the Auditorium: World Serpent? Never heard of it.
Puppet in the Auditorium: Are you serious? Use your brain and look it up now.
Calm Puppet: I object.
Another one stood up.
Calm Puppet: We’re yet to fully harness the Herrscher of Reason’s power. We should stick to our guerrilla strategy as we learn more.
Puppet in the Auditorium: Yeah! We can’t even construct a tank on our own. We won’t stand a chance in an open war!
Excited Puppet: Coward! If we don’t change our strategy, we’ll be picked off one by one!
Calm Puppet: A blind frontal attack is no different from suicide.
Excited Puppet: Are you saying we’re no match for them head-to-head?
The excited one charged at the calm one and the two started to brawl.
Puppet in the Auditorium: Ooh, fight! Fight! Fight!
Puppet in the Auditorium: Whoa, that one must have hurt!
Puppet in the Auditorium: Who do you have your money on this time?
Puppet in the Auditorium: Looks like fun. I want in!
The two tussled with each other as more and more joined them.
*Thump… thump…*
Puppet on the Judge Panel: Silence! Silence!
Puppet on the Judge Panel: You each have a point, but we need a clear direction.
Puppet on the Judge Panel: As per tradition, we shall vote on it.
Everyone stopped all at once.
Puppet on the Judge Panel: Those in favor of a frontal assault, raise your hand…
Some raised their hand.
Puppet on the Judge Panel: Those in favor of continued social order disturbances, raise your hand…
Some others raised their hand.
Puppet on the Judge Panel: Huh? I feel like some have raised their hand twice. Never mind, the result is out. Our next step is…
Puppet on the Judge Panel: To continue upsetting the social order!
Calm Puppet: Phew… that was close. Got me nervous for a second.
Excited Puppet: Chicken!
Puppet on the Judge Panel: Silence! Silence!
Puppet on the Judge Panel: You can all rest assured that our approach may vary, but the final outcome will be the same.
Puppet on the Judge Panel: We’re showing everyone what this world really is… shredding its facade and revealing its true nature.
Puppet on the Judge Panel: The final victory is ours for the taking, because there is no cure for this corrupted world.
Puppet on the Judge Panel: As for Anti-Entropy, Schicksal, and the World Serpent…
Puppet on the Judge Panel: Once humanity realises their visions are just pipe dreams, these clowns will pay a dear price without us lifting a finger.
Puppet on the Judge Panel: Dismissed!


Lurking at the street corner, this bar was almost invisible if not for the dim and pale light.
Raven: The Burgundy on the right. Push it in.
Before the wine rack, Mei and Raven stood next to each other.
Mei: …
Mei followed the instruction and nudged the bottle. With a creaking sound, a screen emerged.
Raven: Oh, I didn’t even say which bottle. Not many can tell these wine varieties apart.
Mei: No need. The bottle with the least dust must be it.
Raven: Haha, very perceptive. I see you’re getting used to life here.
Having traveled with the World Serpent for a while, Mei now appreciated why it could stay under the radar for so long.
Surveillance cameras everywhere, interlinked hidden passages, shady areas few dare to set foot on…
“Life here” has a full set of rules. It’s like a massive and obscured shadow cast by the world.
Gray Serpent: You’re five minutes late.
Today is the day to contact the Serpent. The voice coming from the screen sounded devoid of any motions, almost inhuman.
Or, maybe it wasn’t a human under the mask anyway.
Raven: My bad, but it couldn’t be helped. The two locations are far off, and the roads were all blocked.
Gray Serpent: I don’t care. Conclusion.
Raven: Well, the conclusion is… no progress.
Gray Serpent didn’t comment and waited for more.
Raven: The two warehouses were broken into, and the cargo was damaged. We came late, or the culprit cleaned up the scene…
Raven: But anyway, we didn’t find any clues leading to the puppets. And no missing persons.
Raven: It’s too early to conclude it was the new Herrscher’s doing. Either we missed something, or the culprit was too good.
Gray Serpent: …
Gray Serpent took a moment to process the information.
Gray Serpent: Keep tracking.
Gray Serpent: I believe this event is connected to the puppets. And this individual will prove to be a unique specimen for us to study.
Raven: Understood.
Gray Serpent nodded and turned to Mei.
Gray Serpent: How are things on your side?
Mei: Just a smuggling ring stealing the World Serpent name. Taken care of. Nothing unusual.
Gray Serpent: Jackal seems to be interested in them.
Mei: Yeah? I saw nothing but clumsy impersonators and tacky counterfeits. I doubt she’d be interested.
Mei: I’ve sealed the scene. If she’s interested, she can check it out herself… among a heap of ashes, of course.
Gray Serpent: I’ll tell her that.
Gray Serpent: You and Raven keep tracking special puppets and taking them back, broken or not.
Gray Serpent disconnected without even a curt goodbye.
The room grew quiet, with something disturbing slowly settling in the air, like the cold, slimy trail of a snake.
Raven: “A heap of ashes”? You incinerated all of them? What if they had something useful to us?
Mei: No, I don’t think so.
Raven stared at Mei’s face as if there was some stain on it.
Raven: …Fine. Here, drink some water.
Out of nowhere she brought up a glass of water and put it on the bar.
Mei: Thanks.
She lifted the glass and began to recall the mission hours ago…
Several hours ago.
Mei: This is it. Gray Serpent told me to “send them a message”, so I’ll destroy their goods.
Mei: I’m near downtown and I don’t want too much noise. Better try to avoid fighting.
Mei: Looks like this is their workshop. Illegal firearms and medicine… things will look bad if these get out.
Mei: Hmm? What’s this container for?
Mei: What? A child? Those monsters!
Boy: Ugh…
The stranger’s voice made the boy wriggle in pain. In the light, the “scar” on his neck was striking.
Mei: Stigmata?
Boy: Ugh!
The word terrified the boy even more.
Mei: I see… Don’t worry, I won’t hurt you.
Mei ripped off the tape covering his mouth.
Boy: Huff… huff…
Boy: You… you’re not here to buy me?
Mei: No.
Mei shook her head and reached out her hand to comfort him, but she hesitated and retracted her hand.
Mei: What did they do to you?
Boy: They caught me and said they were going to sell me… They mentioned something called… the Serpent…
The boy’s eyes grew wide all of a sudden.
Boy: Ah… you… you’re not…
Mei: Hush, calm down.
Mei: I’m not your buyer, and I don’t plan to take you. I’m looking for your kidnappers. They’re going to pay for what they did.
Mei: Go now. I’ll take care of the ones outside.
Boy: Go… where?
Mei: Anywhere you wanna go. You’re free now. These bad people can’t get to you anymore.
Boy: …I’ve nowhere to go.
The boy curled up, as if the tiny box was his only home.
Boy: My Mum and Dad were gone before I could speak. My Uncle thought I was a jinx. I hated him and ran off. I’ve been on my own all these years.
Boy: I was caught because someone sent me to steal something but he sold me out right away…
Mei: You got any friends?
The boy shook his head.
Mei: Anyone you can trust?
The boy shook his head again.
Mei: Ugh…
Mei: (Homeless, without family or friends, and carrying a Stigmata… This kid is probably another victim of the Honkai.)
Mei: (A rare natural male Stigmata carrier. If I take him back to the World Serpent, he’d be Jackal’s next test subject.)
Mei: (But there’s still hope… He’s here by accident and Jackal shouldn’t know about him, nor should Gray Serpent.)
Mei: (What to do? If I leave him unattended, he’ll end up getting kidnapped again.
Mei: …
Mei: Here, take this.
Mei took a scrap of paper and wrote something down before handing it to the boy.
Mei: Do you know this address?
Boy: No… but I think I know how to get there. What is this place?
Mei: Just go there if you can trust me. Tell them your story and they will take you.
Mei: Of course, you can choose not to trust me. You’ll need to always be on guard to survive on the streets.
Mei: And cover up your neck, don’t let anyone see it. Don’t worry, it’s harmless, just that there are people who don’t like it.
The boy took a look at the slip and then looked at Mei before he slowly stood up.
Boy: …I’ll go there. I trust you.
There was a certain determination in his words. Maybe they were not only meant for Mei to hear, but also for himself too.
Boy: Thank you.
Mei: Don’t thank me yet. You’ll have to get out yourself.
Boy: What about you?
Mei shook her head, telling the boy he didn’t need to know.
Mei: Hurry.
The boy looked at Mei one last time and ran towards the exit.
Just before he reached the exit, a thunderous clap came from behind him.
The boy was taken aback. He turned around to find where he was now burned down. The nice lady who saved him was also gone.
Having no interest in finding out what happened, he resumed running and never looked back.
Mei lowered the glass as the water went down, cooling and refreshing her throat.
The disturbing sensation left by the Serpent’s visit was now gone.
Raven: Just saying, what if Jackal brings back the ashes for study? You know her. She might do it.
Behind the counter, Raven took a bottle and began to fiddle with it.
Raven: Since we’re here, want a sip of whiskey?
Mei: I don’t drink.
Raven: Yeah? How about something nonalcoholic?
Mei: If you must.
Raven: Sure. Coming up in a second.
Raven put the bottle back and became busy.
Raven: Here, your drink.
Mei: …Milk?
Raven: Skimmed milk. The best for the underage.
Mei didn’t say anything. She took a sip and found it nice… unlike what Raven usually whipped up.
Raven: What do you think of this bar?
Mei took a glance around the place.
Mei: Old, but…
Raven: But what?
Mei: Classy. The owner has good taste. Should have been a popular place back in the day.
Raven: Well said. I’ll gladly take the compliment.
Mei: It’s yours?
Raven: Yeah, a couple of years ago, I was drifting on my own. Needed a footing.
Mei: You weren’t with the World Serpent? On a solo mission?
Raven: No, I quit, literally. Did all the paperwork. It was official. Didn’t I tell you?
Mei: No.
Raven: Guess we need to know each other better.
Mei: I thought you were raised by the organisation. I heard you were a kid when Gray Serpent took you in.
Raven: Yeah, he took me out of the Siberian tundra and raised me up to become a World Serpent soldier.
Raven: But I didn’t like it here. No particular reason, just didn’t feel I belonged. I wanted to go and build my own life.
Mei: And?
Raven: You’d be surprised. Gray Serpent agreed without any fuss.
Mei: That simple?
Raven: Yeah, just like that. Didn’t even ask why. For a second, I felt I was just a pawn that the World Serpent could ditch anytime.
Raven: But that would be too good to be true. “You’ll be back”. Those were Gray Serpent’s parting words.
Mei: He knew you well.
Raven: Yeah.
Mei: Why?
Raven: Because the world outside is just as lousy.
Raven cut an ice ball skillfully and put it in her glass.
The bar looked aged, but the furniture didn’t catch any dust or spider webs. Apparently someone had been tending to it.
The lighting was poor, but it gave off a slightly drunk vibe that the drink lovers would enjoy.
Raven: I wanted it to be a cafe at first, but it proved to be harder than I thought, and I admit I’m no master barista.
Raven: It was repurposed and became popular with gang members and intel dealers. I got to know a lot of what I shouldn’t know.
Mei: That’s how you started your mercenary career.
Raven: That’s a tale for another time. Ah, I miss the old times.
Raven: Now that I’m working for the World Serpent again, there’s no way to keep her open. All I can do is to come back and see her.
When Raven was calling the bar “her”, her voice became gentle and soft.
It reminded Mei of when Raven was talking about the children she adopted.
Mei: The reason you came back had something to do with the children, right?
Raven: Nah, I was just tired. I went a long way and finally found out that the World Serpent paid the best, so I came back.
Raven: I’m just earning a living, so why not choose a job that pays well and on time?
Mei: You’ve made enough money. Why not quit now and bring your little bar back to life?
Raven: Haha, you’re right.
Raven: Maybe I should follow your advice.
Raven: But sometimes we don’t have a choice.
Raven smiled.
Raven: We all got in for our own reasons, and now some other reasons are stopping us from getting off the hook, right?
Raven: Things don’t necessarily turn out to be better, and we’re not necessarily on the right path.
Raven: But what does “right” have to do with anything? We must finish what we started.
Mei: Maybe.
Raven: I see you’re not fully convinced.
Mei: Even so, I still believe in other possibilities that might lead to a better result.
Raven: Is that so?
Raven: I heard the ruckus at Taixuan was solved. Kiana played a big part and saved her partners from the new Herrscher.
Mei: I expected nothing less.
Raven: Hare was supposed to handle it, but by the time she arrived, the Herrscher was long gone. Ah, never mind.
Raven: Anyway, Kiana is doing good now… your sacrifice wasn’t in vain.
Mei raised the glass again, but did not drink.
Raven: Maybe this is one of the “other possibilities” you talked about.
Mei: We’ve got a long way ahead of us.
She finished the milk in one go.
Raven: Like it? I’ll make you something special next time we come.
Mei: I don’t drink.
Raven: Then I’ll make you a special milky drink.
Raven turned around and shut the door. Mei took one last look at the bar.
In the dim light, the sign read “Raven’s”.
A very special place, she thought.


Gameplay 24-2 - Act 4, Scene 2:
Noon, the next day.
Raven: This is the third warehouse in the report.
Mei: Looks the same as the other two.
Raven: Yeah, warehouses in this town all look the same.
Raven: The out of control machines are throwing a party inside. Calm them down, just don’t tear the whole place down this time.
Mei: Why does it matter?
Raven: I promised an old friend who owns the neighborhood. I came here to confirm something from her.
Mei: Seems like you’ve got a lot of friends.
Raven: We scratch each other’s back, that’s all. In exchange for intel, I need to bust the ghost.
Mei: I see. Have fun.
Raven: Catch you later then.
Mei: The machines are running on their own. Part of the Herrscher of Domination’s power?
Mei: Huh? Looks like a strange guest.
Mei: All the remaining enemies are here.
Mei: Hmm?
…


CG plays wherein Raven appears to help pick off the remaining enemies:
Raven: Hi.
Raven: Miss me?


Mei: That was quick.
Raven: I didn’t feel like lingering once I got the intel. You didn’t tear the whole place apart, did you?
Mei: It’ll survive.
Mei took a glance at the sniper rifle in Raven’s hands.
Mei: Wouldn’t that be overkill, using the Divine Key?
Raven: I’d rather not take her if she didn’t have a mind of her own. Sometimes you’ve got to indulge her if you want her to perform.
Raven: We’ll need her for the puppets, so I’m pampering her for now.
Mei: Her?
Raven: Oh, she hasn’t been properly introduced. Meet the 3rd Divine Key, the Key of Sanction, a strong-minded gal just like you.
Raven: Remember when we were on Coral Island and Owl took it? He wasn’t able to unlock her rated power till the end.
Raven: Because she has her own personality, it all depends on whether you can hit it off with her.
Mei: So she won’t unleash her power in the wrong hands?
Raven: It goes beyond that. Power, ammunition, performance, or even weapon type… She’s drastically different in every hand.
Raven: That’s why I take good care of her and “talk” to her a lot. I think we’re getting along just fine.
Mei: No wonder you take it everywhere.
Raven: She’s also known as the Seven Thunders of Retribution. Maybe it indicates she has seven forms, but I’ve only seen four.
Raven: Oh right, why don’t you try? The Herrscher of Thunder might be a good match for the lightning-imbued Divine Key.
Raven handed the weapon over. It took Mei a moment of hesitation before she received it.
Raven: Hmm?
Raven: Whoa…
Mei: This is…
Raven: I think she likes you. Maybe you two have a special connection.
When Mei touched the weapon, it somehow felt to her like a living thing with a beating heart.
Mei: It feels… special.
Raven: Told you.
Mei handed the weapon back to Raven and it soon returned to its sniper rifle form.
Raven: One day when I was on a mission, I got hurt and out of the blue, she decided to be a slingshot. Almost got me killed.
Raven: Can’t let that happen again.
Mei: By the way, you got something on the puppet?
Raven: I learned something interesting. Remember what Gray Serpent said about how it was a strange one? It doesn’t act alone.
Mei: There are other puppets helping this one?
Raven: No, humans.
Mei: Humans?
Raven: I’ve pinpointed the next crime scene. The culprit only works at night, and that gives us some time to prepare for now.
Raven chuckled.
Raven: Come along. I’m taking you to a place.
A few moments later.
Sora: Ah… Sensei! And Mei!
Raven: Hi, Sora, you saw us a mile off, didn’t you?
Raven gave Sora a hug and ruffled her hair.
Raven: Sorry, I came late. And thanks for taking care of everyone while I was away. How do you like it here?
Sora: Yeah! The bed is soft. The living room is big. And we have hot water around the clock! Everyone is happy.
Raven: Glad to hear it.
Sora: But…
Sora looked to Mei.
Sora: The curry here isn’t even half as good as Mei’s!
Raven: Humph, so you miss her more than me? I’m hurt.
Sora: No! We miss you too! We miss you every day!
Mei shook her head and turned her eyes away to the building nearby.
It had the look of a big summer house. Quiet. Well-built. Classy.
But the guards at the gate told a different story. It wasn’t hard to tell that the house was off limits to the outside world.
Kevin did keep his word.
Sora: Mei!
Mei: Hmm?
Raven: Wanna say hello to the kids?
Mei: Uh… I guess not. I’ll wait outside.
Mei bent down and gently touched Sora’s face.
Mei: Sorry, Sora, there’s something else I need to do, so I can’t play with you this time.
Mei: But don’t worry, I’ll come back another day. Any gift you want? I’ll bring it to you next time.
Sora: Ah… it’s okay! I don’t need any gift. You’re the best gift!
Mei: Okay, it’s a deal then.
Sora: Deal!
Mei: Haha, don’t keep your Sensei waiting. She’s been missing you a lot. She was even practicing what to say on the way here.
Raven: Shut up.
Raven took Sora’s hand and gave Mei a wink before heading in.
Mei: …
The summer breeze came to hug her with a pleasant smell. All was quiet save for the chirping birds and rustling leaves.
A kite slowly rose above the walls and began to dance in the blue, clear sky.
This well-protected shelter seemed like an exquisite crystal ball capturing the finest moment of summer.
Mei: …
Mei was reminded of a certain day in her childhood when her father took her out for a trip.
Her father was holding her hand, saying something… she couldn’t recall the exact words.
She hardly got to see her father, let alone go on a trip. Overcome with joy, she was unable to remember what he said.
But she’d never forget that it was a bright summer day, just like this one.
With kites roaming in the sky and the same smell of summer in the air.
Raven came back after a while.
Raven: I hope the waiting wasn’t too boring.
Mei: Of course not. But how is this your preparation?
Raven: It prepares me to be what I need to be for the mission. Make any sense?
Mei: How are the kids?
Raven: Well attended. Good food. The best medical care money can buy. They’re no longer trapped in the Roost.
Mei: It’s a beautiful place. Reminds me of the days before the Honkai.
Raven: They should grow up without knowing of the Honkai.
Raven: You should go in and say hello next time. The kids miss you.
Mei said nothing.
Raven: Oh… speaking of kids.
Raven: I heard a little boy came here with a slip in his hand.
Mei: …
Raven: Said he was kidnapped and that he escaped on his own. There’s a peculiar scar on his neck. Might be a Stigmata.
Mei: Is that so? A boy with a Stigmata. That’s rare.
Raven: He was kept at exactly the same area where you carried out your mission yesterday.
Mei: What a coincidence.
Raven: Yeah, just uncanny. Did you see anything?
Mei: No.
Raven: You sure you didn’t see “a tall and pretty lady with a pair of horns handing out slips with the address of this place”?
Mei: …Doesn’t ring a bell.
Raven: That’s a shame. I’m dying to know her.
Mei: I’ll keep an eye out for you.
Raven: Or, why don’t you pass a word to her for me?
Mei: What is it?
Raven: That this place isn’t a nursery for any homeless kid. The next one sent here… won’t be free.
Raven: And the price will be high.
Mei: Got it. I’ll be sure to pass the word.
Raven: Much obliged.
The two then fell silent as they listened to the whispers of the wind.
Raven: Weren’t you worried that the guards here might be working for the World Serpent?
Mei: I knew they were yours. You’d never put your kids in untrustworthy hands.
Raven: Heh, you’re right.
Mei: What will happen to the boy?
Raven: Hmm, I dunno.
Raven: His new identity is ready. He’ll probably be sent to a safe place and looked after by someone reliable.
Raven: But after that, it’s all up to him. He’s been a lucky one, and I wish his luck can last.
Mei: Hope so.
The sun began to set slowly but surely, painting the sky with a faint reddish glow.
Raven: Alright. We should be going now.
Raven: It’s at the seaside, a bit far from here. We’ll drive there and talk on the way.


Gameplay 24-3 - Act 4, Scene 3:
Raven: Get in.
The two went to a sports car. Raven got in and took the driver’s seat.
Mei: This is your car?
Raven: Whose else might it be?
Mei: Got your driver’s license?
Raven: You kidding me? I’m a mercenary. Bring me a helicopter and I’ll fly it for you.
Mei took a moment to observe the car. It was parked in the shade, sleek, shiny, and expensive.
Raven: Any comment?
Mei: I thought you’d pick a color that stood out more.
Raven: I like red, but I couldn’t find a model that looked good in red.
She pointed at the back row.
Raven: And I’d like to take the kids out for a spin. The more seats the better.
Mei: It looks good.
Raven: Hop in.
Mei hesitated and finally took a back seat.
Raven: …
Mei: …
Raven didn’t start the car.
Mei: Something wrong?
Raven: Hey, what do you take me for, Miss Raiden? Your chauffeur?
Raven: Come to the front row already so we can talk.
Mei: Oh… okay.
Raven: That’s better. Now buckle up.
Raven started the engine and it began to roar like a wild beast.
Mei: Back to the topic earlier. You were saying humans were helping the puppet?
Raven: Yeah, a delivery guy. He put the puppet in a box and put the box in the alley by the warehouse at night.
Raven: The puppet got out and entered the warehouse through the pipes. It messed the place up and returned to the box.
Mei: So that’s why no one saw it in the neighborhood. No one paid any heed to the box hundreds of yards away from the scene.
Mei: But why would he do that?
Raven: Who knows. Maybe he was coerced, or manipulated, or simply crazy. We’ll have to ask him in person tonight.
Mei: How did you decide their next target?
Raven: I have connections.
As the forest receded from the windshields, they drove onto an open road.
Raven: Remember the warehouses we’ve looked into?
Mei: Three of them if you count the one tonight.
Raven: Right. All sabotaged by the puppet, and guess what, they each belong to a notorious organisation.
Raven: Another tip for you: this city is run by four such organisations. You get it now?
Mei: I see. But wouldn’t the city be better without these warehouses?
Mei: Why would the puppet do such things that only benefit the common citizens? Unless…
Raven waited for Mei to finish.
Mei: Unless… the victims have all assumed their rivals were behind it.
Raven: Smart girl.
Raven: The conflict is in full swing. Just a matter of time before collateral damage gets to the civilians.
Mei: So you believe the puppet will surely pay a visit to the fourth warehouse tonight?
Raven: Yeah.
Mei: But it might very well stop now and make the last organisation the largest suspect. The situation would get even worse.
Raven: Indeed, but I doubt it would do so.
The open road spanned across a cliff overlooking the ocean on the right.
Raven: If the last organisation becomes the common enemy, they will suffer the most, but the situation won’t deteriorate further.
Raven: That’s the last thing the puppet wants. Its purpose is to ignite an all-out war and plunge the city into hell.
Raven: In that scenario, it takes only a single bullet to destroy everything. This is not a personal vendetta.
Raven: The puppet seeks to bring down the entire city.
Mei: …
Raven: But that won’t happen. We’ll put an end to its little adventure tonight.
Raven floored the pedal and the car darted forward like a wild horse.
Raven: Any comment on my driving skill? Not bad, huh?
Mei: Still a long way to go to match my old chauffeur.
Raven: Ha, you’re certainly demanding as a passenger.
Mei: My chauffeur was very nice to me.
Mei looked outside the windshield and sat her eyes on the gorgeous afterglow.
Mei: My father was busy working and I hardly got to see him at all.
Mei: I was chauffeured to and from school. I made very few friends in school.
Raven: No one to keep you company on your way home?
Mei: Before I walked out of the school gate, I’d always see a black limo parked outside.
Raven: Maybe that’s why you had almost no friends.
Mei: Maybe, and maybe my chauffeur knew it too, but it couldn’t be helped. It was his job.
Mei: He’d talk to me in the car, ask me how school was, and tell me about my father’s work.
Raven: Sounds like a gentle person.
Mei: Yeah, but I didn’t even get the chance to say thank you to him.
Raven: What happened?
Mei: He died.
Raven: …In the Nagazora Honkai event?
Mei: Yes.
Raven: I see…
Mei: Come to think of it, people who were once nice to me rarely end well.
Mei: The chauffeur, my father, my teachers, and my friends…
Raven: …
Raven: Such a pessimistic view coming from someone who preached “other possibilities” to me just yesterday.
Mei: I suppose.
Mei: I know this sounds paradoxical, but sometimes… there’s nothing you can do about certain things.
A few weeks ago.
Mei: I read every report on the search for the Gem of Haste. Every word in them.
Kevin: …
Kevin said nothing.
Mei: They all point to the same conclusion: nothing.
Kevin: Yes.
This was his confirmation.
Mei: Impossible. Even if it fell into Imaginary Space, it must have left at least some traces and wouldn’t just vanish.
Neither would she.
Mei: The Gem is a part of Sirin. I can’t let it fall into the wrong hands.
Kevin: You have the answer.
Mei: No, maybe I left something out…
Kevin: She has died.
Kevin spat out the conclusion curtly.
Mei: What?!
Kevin: I know it’s not the Gem you’re looking for.
Mei: …
Kevin: She wasn’t able to survive in Imaginary Space. We didn’t find anything.
Mei fell silent, trying hard to find the flaws in his words.
But Kevin’s ice-cold voice made his statement difficult to argue against.
Kevin: It’s a fact.
These were the last words he left.
Mei refused to accept the “fact” and kept looking into every lead she could possibly find.
But her investigation gave her an answer even more heartbreaking than the silence from Kevin.
Mei: …
Raven: Something will come up.
Raven knew what Mei was looking for.
Mei: Raven, I want to ask you a question.
Raven: What?
Mei: It might sound offensive, but you don’t have to answer it.
Raven: Ask away.
Mei: …
Mei: Would you expect your brother to be alive?
The gray Koenigsegg slowed down.
Raven: …Gray Serpent told you that?
Mei: I looked it up myself.
Raven: …
Mei: He was still alive when Gray Serpent took you in.
Raven: …
Mei: …
Raven: …Ugh.
The car stopped.
Raven: We’ve arrived.
They had come to the seaside. Raven parked the car right beside the beach.
Raven: There’s still some time before dark.
Raven: Walk with me for a minute.
Mei: Sure.
Raven: Siberia doesn’t have any beaches, only deep snow.
Raven: My big brother had never seen a beach.
Raven: Wanna take your shoes off? Must feel good to step on waves barefoot.
Raven: I remember one day I challenged my brother to stand in the snow barefoot and see who’d last longer.
Mei: Did you win?
Raven: No, barely took me one minute to surrender.
Raven: But my brother stood there for ten minutes.
Raven: In the end, he lost his senses, and I had to carry him home.
Mei: Did he suffer from frostbite?
Raven: Of course, almost lost his legs. Mum gave him hell for it.
Mei: Wasn’t it you who started it?
Raven: Yeah, but my brother said it was his idea.
Raven: He was usually a bully to me, but when it mattered, he always stood up for me.
Raven: When we were facing blame, when we were hunting, and… that time…
Raven took off her shoes and walked barefoot in the setting sun.
The ocean water was patting her foot rhythmically and erasing the footprints behind her.
Raven: Would I wish? Yeah, of course.
Raven: I came back to Siberia for him many times, and I paid many informants to look for him.
Raven: I keep wishing he wasn’t killed on that night, wasn’t buried in the ruins…
Raven: I wish one day he would suddenly show up and surprise me, calling me Tasha like he used to.
She bent down to pick up a shell and tossed it back to the sea after playing with it for a while.
Raven: You know what, he actually showed up.
Mei: What?
Raven: It was a freezing cold day. Even Vancouver was covered in snow.
Raven: I was driving to a deal. Someone who looked exactly like him walked past me while I was waiting for the green light.
Mei: A kid?
Raven: No, not a kid.
Raven: How do I put it, I decided that this was what he would look like the instant I laid my eyes on the man.
Mei: …
Raven: My mind went all blank and I couldn’t think. The next thing I knew was him disappearing at the corner. I jumped out.
Raven: I chased him for a long time, but the distance between us never shortened. The traffic lights. The crowds.
Raven: I fixed my eyes on him. The way he ran and dodged the crowd was exactly the same as in my memories.
Raven looked down at her feet as if reminiscing the chasing on that day.
Raven: But even till the end, I couldn’t catch him.
Raven: How was it possible? I’m the best mercenary in North America. If I want someone found, there’s nowhere to hide.
Raven: Then I realised… it wasn’t that I couldn’t catch him. I just didn’t want to.
Mei: I know the feeling…
Raven: Deep down, I knew it wasn’t him. I knew he was gone. It was merely a mirage.
Raven: But I just wouldn’t face the facts. I tried desperately to hold onto it.
Raven: But I didn’t want to deny reality either, so I held myself back. I fear he would turn back and say “I don’t know you”.
Mei: What happened then?
Raven: I don’t remember. Probably went back to the crossroads.
Raven: I caused a traffic jam, missed the deal, but thinking back now, it didn’t really matter.
Raven: It was like a fleeting dream. Since then, I kept running my bar and living my life on the edge as a mercenary.
Raven: I even found myself a dream - buy a small island and build a big house there. I drifted too long and wanted a home.
Raven looked over the horizon, as if her island was just there.
Raven: All ancient history now.
Mei: I’m sorry…
Raven: It’s okay. I’m over it now.
Raven: It was the moment my island sank that I realised I had never really lived my entire life.
Mei: Lived?
Raven: Right before my brother died, he said only this to me: “Live on and live well”.
Raven: Live on, Tasha, and live well. It’s like a curse, turning the purpose of everything I do into keeping breathing.
Raven: But now I know, even if the island was still there, I’d never find inner peace and convince myself that I’m “living well”.
Raven: …All these years, the only thing that has made me feel even remotely alive is the warmth of my body.
Mei: You told me it was when you were with the kids.
Raven: Yeah, you can tell me it’s pointless when the whole world is corrupted, or that it’s just a little play for myself.
Raven: But still, I feel it’s the only right thing I’ve done, the only thing I want to keep doing.
Mei: It’s a remarkable thing.
Raven: Maybe.
The ocean breeze gently touched their faces.
Mei: Don’t you feel hot wearing that cape to the beach?
Raven: Yeah, now that you’ve mentioned it. It is kind of hot.


CG plays wherein Raven takes the hood of her cape off.


The setting sun was now kissing the ocean and giving it a huge flush.
Having shared everything she’s been keeping to herself, Raven felt relieved and smiled broadly.
In the picture, a strand of her hair on the top simply wouldn’t bow down and seemed out of place.
Raven: You know what, in the past I never wore capes in public because it seemed rude.
Raven: But somehow people always treated me like a kid, until one day I closed a deal successfully without taking the cape off.
Raven: Maybe people refused to take me seriously because I looked young, I thought. Anyway, I never took the cape off since.
Mei: Haha…
Raven: Laugh all you want. You’re never getting to see it again.
The sun was halfway drowned in the sea now.
Raven: Mei Raiden.
Mei: Hmm?
Raven: We need to shake off our shadows from the past.
Mei: …Yes.
Raven: But… I also want to believe the “better result” you mentioned.
Mei: Thanks.
Raven: What’s to thank for? Just follow through with the path you deem right, and I’ll do the same.
Mei: Sure.
…
The sun finally went fully under the sea.
Mei: It’s night now.
Raven: Let’s go.
Mei: Okay.


Gameplay 24-4 - Act 4, Scene 4:
Night, the warehouse by the sea.
Raven: Here we are.
Mei: Another warehouse that looks the same.
Raven: Maybe the locals share the same taste.
Raven: About time it shows up.
Mei: I sense a bigger presence of security mechas.
Raven: They probably heard about the other warehouses.
Mei: Will our target take the risk tonight?
Raven: I think so. The Herrscher of Domination struck me as a group of lunatics who’d risk everything to get what they want.
Raven: We should move now. Avoid the security and lay low.
Mei: How did the puppet get through the guards?
Raven: Perhaps there’s a secret passage.
Mei: How’s the Divine Key?
Raven: Relax, it’s in a good mood.
Raven: Hey… softer steps.
Mei: Done.
Raven: Hope we weren’t found.
Raven: Found the guy!
Raven: Stay clear from the box.
Man: Who’s there?
Man: What… what are you trying to do to my sister?
Man: No! You’re not hurting my sister!! I… Ugh!
In a flash of lightning, the man fell to the floor.
Raven: Hmm, that settles it. I hope you didn’t kill him.
Mei: No, I simply knocked him out. I doubt we’d be able to get anything from him. Tie him up.
Raven: Agreed.
Raven tied the man up and tossed him by the wall.
Raven: What’s with his sister? He wouldn’t stop talking about her.
Mei: Is that the box you mentioned? With the puppet inside?
Raven: Yeah, even the same packaging. Do we open it now?
Mei: Be careful. The intel we have indicates we might be teleported to a closed space called the Theater of Domination.
Raven: Worry not, I came prepared.
Raven took a small and round device out of her pocket and showed it to Mei.
Raven: A simple EM shield. Not as powerful as yours, but it can stop energy erosion.
Raven: We might be separated after we get in. Prepare to act solo and try to find each other.
They exchanged a look and both nodded.
Raven: Open it.
Mei: Okay.
Mei: Ugh…
Mei: …This is the Theater of Domination?
Mei: Raven’s not here. Was she teleported to another place? Or did she not get in?
Mei: Monsters all around the place, like broken toys tossed by kids.
Puppet: Oh, look who I’ve found!
Mei: Who is it?
Puppet: An unexpected guest…
Puppet: Welcome to the Theater of Domination.


Gameplay 24-5 - Act 4, Scene 5:
Puppet: Welcome to the Theater of Domination.
Mei: A puppet…
Puppet: And here I was wondering why my brother didn’t call me out. It was you two.
Mei unsheathed her blade.
Puppet: Oh, that won’t be necessary. I just want to take you on a tour around this place.
Mei: Tour?
Puppet: Yeah, it’s not like you get to see the place every day. Sure you don’t want to look around, Miss Raiden?
Mei: You know my name.
Puppet: Yeah, I know you. We all do. You’re an honored guest here.
Puppet: Come on, let me show you around. Maybe you’ll like it here, or even better, decide to join us!
Puppet: You coming or not? I’m leaving, with or without you.
Mei: She didn’t attack me… Is this a trap? I’ll find out.
Puppet: Marvelous, isn’t it? We built this together.
Mei: Who are “we”?
Puppet: My friends! We’re all very weak, so we need to stick together and help each other!
Puppet: Oh, sorry, someone must have left it here carelessly.
Puppet: But you should be able to deal with it with your Herrscher powers, right?
Mei: No need, my blade will suffice.
Puppet: A lot more toys this time.
Puppet: Hurry up, or you’ll be left behind.
Mei: Don’t worry about me. Keep going.
Puppet: A Herrscher that waves a blade? How unbefitting! I’d prefer lightning if I were you.
Puppet: Tsk…
Mei: I thought you were gonna show me around. Why stop now?
Puppet: …
Mei: Drop the act. I know you were manipulating the puppets.
Puppet: Oh, you found out, but can you blame me? I just want to take a good look at the legendary Herrscher of Thunder.
The puppet explained halfheartedly, but Mei had her own considerations.
Mei: (A puppet can only summon three to five followers at a time, and it couldn’t fight on its own.)
Mei: (And I don’t know why, but she seems persistent on seeing my Herrscher powers…)
More info was needed.
Puppet: You wanna check out other parts of this place?
Mei: Tell me more about you and the others. Why would you want me to join you?
Puppet: Because we were all weak, desperate, and considered losers.
Puppet: Oh, of course, you’re powerful and different now, but earlier, it would have made sense to invite you in.
Puppet: Still, you’re welcome here even at this moment.
Mei: How so?
Puppet: Because there’s still despair in your heart.
Puppet: I know how you feel. Anti-Entropy can’t save her, and neither can Schicksal. No one but you can do something about it.
Puppet: Just like you, everyone here once fought hard against injustice in life.
Puppet: But it made no difference. Solve this problem and another pops up. Correct this mistake and another one occurs…
Puppet: In the end, we failed to change anything at all.
Mei: Sounds like you’ve been through a lot.
Puppet: Yeah. Did you see the guy outside?
Mei: The man helping you?
Puppet: Yeah! His sister died a few days ago.
Puppet: When she was lying in the hospital bed, he never went there to see her.
Puppet: Can you imagine how desperate she and I were?
Mei: You… were born out of her despair.
Puppet: Yeah, but after she was gone, he suddenly grew a heart and realised he had lost the only family he had. It was too late.
Puppet: But fortunately, there’s still me. I came to him.
Puppet: “Don’t cry, big brother, I’m right here.”
Puppet: Since then, he’s been following my orders and taking me wherever I wish to be.
Puppet: Ah, we were gonna make him join us, but you caught him first.
Puppet: Oh, right, it’s okay if you don’t feel like joining us. There’s another way for us to help you!
Puppet: We can turn you and your dear Kiana into normal girls!
Mei: Sounds familiar. How do you plan to accomplish that?
Puppet: Hehe… just like this!
The puppet approached Mei and posed a strange gesture as if channeling some form of power.
Puppet: Tada!
As it opened its closed palms, a ball pen fell to the floor.
Mei: What’s this?
Puppet: The Herrscher of Reason’s power! From your friend! It’s a shame I stayed in the hospital for too long to think of anything else.
Mei: (Bronya?)
Mei examined the ball pen on the floor. The blue shimmer meant it was indeed a creation of the Herrscher of Reason.
She frowned and directed her eyes back to the puppet.
Mei: I don’t understand. What does the Herrscher of Reason have to do with your proposal? Reshaping us using her power?
Puppet: Of course not! You weren’t listening! The Herrscher of Reason isn’t the point! We can take your powers!
Puppet: Just take my hand and clench. Your power will become mine in a jiffy!
It didn’t feel like a lie, so…
Puppet: How about it? Isn’t it simple and brilliant?
Puppet: You give me the Herrscher of Thunder’s power, and I’ll help you take the Herrscher of the Void’s power as well.
Puppet: This way, both of you can live a normal life and never have to worry about the Honkai anymore.
Mei: Sounds convincing, but how can you make sure Kiana won’t take it back again?
Puppet: Take it back? Impossible! A mere mortal that lost their power stands no chance against us.
Mei: Hmm…
The conclusion jumped out.
Puppet: So, will you consider?
Mei shook her head and reached for her blade once again.
Mei: According to what you said, you won’t need my power to take the Herrscher of the Void’s power, right?
Mei: If so, how about you turn her into a normal person and I hand over my power then?
Puppet: Huh?
Puppet: Er… it does make sense. But with only the powers of Reason… we might not be able to beat her.
Mei: Yeah, my thoughts exactly.
Puppet: What?
Mei readied her battle stance.
Mei: Sorry, I don’t trust you to beat Kiana in any circumstance.
Mei: So your proposal is pointless to me.
Puppet: …
Puppet: Humph, I thought you’d be able to understand, but apparently I was being too nice.
Puppet: Guess only the hard way works.
Puppet: These cost us more than ten hours to make!
Puppet: I wonder how long you can hold on without your Herrscher powers!
Puppet: Now try this!
Puppet: This fat baby was tough to make. Round and big, it cost a lot of materials.
Mei: Something went wrong?
Mei: Looks like you haven’t mastered the Herrscher of Reason’s power yet.
Puppet: I see what you’re doing, but I’m not taking the bait and telling you!
Puppet: Don’t worry, I’ve got one more big toy!
Puppet: Huh? What is it?
Mei: …Too slow.
Puppet: What? Who…
Bang…
The puppet collapsed to the floor.
Raven: Oh, did I pull the trigger too soon? What was it trying to say?
Mei: Nothing of value anyway.
With a sudden change of surroundings, the two found themselves back in the real world.
Raven: We’re back.
Mei: Seems that once the contact puppet is broken, the connection with the Theater will be cut… some sort of insurance.
In the box now lay a puppet broken into pieces.
Mei: What about the man?
Raven: We’ll just leave him there. Someone will take care of him. He doesn’t deserve our pity.
Mei: Just now, the puppet used the Herrscher of Reason’s power.
Raven: I saw it too. Want me to ask around?
Mei: Yeah…
Mei lowered her head and began to chew on what the puppet said.
Mei: In combat, it kept trying to make me use my Herrscher powers. Maybe they have a way to take my power without the Core?
Raven: Can that be done?
Mei: From the way it talked, yes, but there are conditions. I didn’t use my power, so it wasn’t able to.
Mei: …I have a theory.
Raven: What is it?
Mei: Remember the Scepter of Duat? It works in a similar way.
Raven: How?
Mei: They’re based on the same working principle - break the connection between the Herrscher Core and Imaginary Space.
Mei: You can think of the Herrscher Core as a faucet controlling the energy flow from Imaginary Space.
Mei: If the Scepter of Duat works by blocking the flow brutally, then the puppets are using another pipe to redirect the flow into their own pool.
Raven: I see the similarity now.
Mei: …
Mei: Raven, could you take this puppet back first?
Raven: Of course, but can you tell me what you plan to do?
Mei: There’s something I need to confirm myself.


Act 2 - Act 5:
Gameplay 24-6 - Act 5, Scene 1:
The front gate of a college, New Jersey State.
Theresa: Here we are, where the 1st Herrscher of Domination was born.
Fu Hua: A nice college.
After the assault on the base, Dr. Einstein recalled Fu Hua and asked her to investigate the Herrscher of Domination.
Einstein: We learned something about the Herrscher from the puppets, but the information is disorganised, like puzzle pieces.
Einstein: We traced the first puppet back to a college in New Jersey State. The host is a medical professor.
Einstein: For now, we’re calling the individuals possessed by puppets “hosts”.
Theresa: We need to find him… if he’s still alive.
Einstein: Yeah, it’s best we save him. If that fails, the puppet needs to be retrieved.
Einstein: Please take caution as not to break its Core. Important intel can be extracted from the Cores, especially the first one.
Theresa: Why?
Einstein: Imagine a family tree. It always starts with a couple and then branches out.
Einstein: It’s more or less the same with the Herrscher of Domination. By comparing the first puppet with the others…
Einstein: We might be able to learn something critical to the Herrscher’s birth, propagation, and powers.
Einstein: Of course, the family tree is just a simple analogy, but one thing is for sure: we need the first puzzle piece.
Theresa: Our mission is to infiltrate the college and investigate the professor. Best if we could take both him and the puppet back.
Theresa: Schicksal has also sent Valkyries to retrieve the Herrscher Core. The World Serpent won’t sit idle either.
Theresa: They may even have laid their hands on the puppets, but still, we need to gather as much intel as we can.
Fu Hua: Understood.
Theresa: How did it go, hunting down the Herrscher of Sentience?
Fu Hua: I failed to track her down, but she is still somehow connected with the Core inside me. It allows me to see some odds and ends.
Theresa: Odds and ends? Like shared vision or senses?
Fu Hua: Yes, but just a flash.
Theresa: Are you worried about her?
Fu Hua: Hmm… She's a Herrscher, but not a bad person. I fear the Honkai may lead her astray again if she is on her own.
Theresa: Well… can you locate her using your Herrscher Core?
Fu Hua: Afraid not.
Theresa: Why?
Fu Hua: The Core is in me, but the Herrscher power lies in her, with Fenghuang Down serving as a medium.
Fu Hua: It’s like a tug of war game - if I wish to tap into the Herrscher power, I need to pull her to my side.
Fu Hua: But I can’t right now. She has the other end of the rope firm in her grip, no matter how hard I try.
Fu Hua: Of course, it could also be because of the dissolution of Fenghuang Down and my yet-to-recover power.
Theresa: Is your body suffering from this?
Fu Hua: Not to the extent of crippling my performance in the mission. Thanks for asking, Principal.
Theresa: Principal… Haha, after learning your past, it began to feel weird when you address me like that.
Fu Hua: Is that so? But you’re the principal of St. Freya. I’m only quoting your official title.
Fu Hua: I heard about the Salt Lake Base. Is everyone okay?
Theresa: Bronya is stable now. Her Herrscher powers were taken, but she’s physically fine.
Theresa: As a precaution, Kiana is now stationed at the base and doesn’t take field missions.
Fu Hua: Hmm, a wise decision, given that the new Herrscher is likely aiming for more Herrscher powers.
Theresa: I feel sorry for her. Her hard-earned freedom of movement was revoked and she has to stay in a tiny room again.
Fu Hua: Maybe she doesn’t mind it at all.
Theresa: That’s exactly why I feel sorry. The old Kiana back at St. Freya would have raised hell. She’s totally different now.
Theresa: It feels like only yesterday when she blattered on about becoming an A-rank Valkyrie and handling missions on her own.
Theresa: In the blink of an eye, she’s a grown-up now, sensible and reliable.
Theresa: I’m happy for her changes, but at the same time… I know how much pain she’s gone through.
Fu Hua: Principal…
Theresa: Sometimes, I’d think about the good old days, when she was loud, annoying, and carefree.
Theresa: She barely laughs now, and even when she does, there’s always a bitterness to it…
Theresa: But I guess it can’t be helped. We all have to keep moving and lose something on the way. Kiana, Bronya, Mei, and you too.
Fu Hua: Me?
Theresa: You’re a St. Freya student too.
Fu Hua: …Thank you.
Theresa: Alright, enough chit chat. Let’s get down to business. I got this outfit to try to blend in.
Fu Hua: It suits you.
The two walked towards the campus.
Campus Security: Hey, you there, wrong way.
Theresa: Huh?
Fu Hua: Wrong way? This gate is not in use?
Campus Security: No, but this is a college. The primary school is across the street.
Theresa: Pri…?!
Fu Hua: Oh, right. Sir…
Fu Hua held Theresa’s hand in a hurry.
Fu Hua: This is my baby sister. It’s her dream to study here, so I took her here for a campus tour.
Campus Security: Oh, I see.
The guard bent down and looked at Theresa with fatherly caring eyes.
Campus Security: I’ve got a friend whose daughter is about the same age. She wants to study here someday too.
Campus Security: Little girl, what do you wanna study when you grow up? The same major as your big sister?
Theresa: I… I…
Theresa: Yeah… my big sister told me her school is pretty. Can you please let us in and look around?
Campus Security: Ah, yeah, of course! Be a good kid at school and someday you can study here too!
Theresa: Hmm… I will!
The guard turned to Fu Hua.
Campus Security: Your baby sister is so cute. You’re welcome to look around, just don’t make any trouble.
Fu Hua: Thank you.
Fu Hua took Theresa’s hand and they went in together.
Theresa: …Darn it! Why do I have to look like a child! It’s so inconvenient!
Fu Hua: Er… on the bright side, many would die to look forever young as you.
Theresa: Ugh, I’m never getting into this stupid outfit again!
Fu Hua: Haha…
Theresa: Anyway, we should start with the professor’s office. Let’s sneak in.
Theresa: This school looks kinda like St. Freya.
Fu Hua: I miss St. Freya.
Theresa: There are so few students here.
Fu Hua: It’s summer vacation. Everyone must have gone home.
Theresa: Oh, right. But everyone still stays at St. Freya during summer vacation.
Theresa: Here we are.
They walked into the room and Theresa took off the coat for her disguise.
Fu Hua: Looks unorganised.
Theresa: Let’s look around. Maybe we’ll find something.
Theresa and Fu Hua began to search through the files on the desk.
Theresa: Course schedule… Whoa, he gives a lot of lectures.
Fu Hua: Notice of late loan payment… notice of late utility payment…
Fu Hua: Seems he’s having a bit of financial trouble.
A notebook at the corner suddenly caught Fu Hua’s eyes.
Fu Hua: …A diary?
Theresa: The professor’s?
Fu Hua: I think so.
Theresa and Fu Hua opened the thick diary.
Theresa: …
Theresa: The front entries seem normal…
Theresa: “May 15th, sunny. It’s been half a month but still no word…”
Theresa: “May 17th. Paper was rejected. Dammit, they don’t understand how important this research is…”
Theresa frowned and turned to the next page.
Theresa: “...Rejected by seven journals now… okay, that’s it. No one gets this groundbreaking research.”
Theresa: …He seemed to have built up a lot of negative energy.
Theresa turned a few pages.
Theresa: “...Dead end. No progress this month either. Not a penny left…”
Theresa: “...Last night, I dreamed of a theater…”
Theresa: …Here it is!
Theresa: “...It’s massive, gothic style, reminded me of the Victorian period. Empty. Maybe it was built for me…”
Theresa: “...Somehow I heard a voice saying I belonged here like everyone else. Who is everyone?”
Theresa: “...Yeah, yeah, one man’s voice is small. We need more partners, a stronger voice…”
Theresa: “...Wait, what am I scribbling? Ugh, must be the pressure lately…”
Theresa: “...I was in the theater again. Two hands pushed me to the center stage. I danced and sang. Huge applause for me.”
Theresa: “...Maybe I should see a shrink. I’ve been looking forward to returning to the theater lately…”
From this entry on, every new one was not dated and became more and more like casual notes.
Theresa: “...I seem to have slept the last day off. Can’t remember anything at all. When I woke up, I found a wooden me…”
Theresa: This “me” must be a puppet.
Theresa: “...It looks exactly like me. Even the posture is the same.”
Theresa: “...I understand now. The theater is where I belong and it’s calling for me. The puppet is to replace me in real life.”
Theresa: “...Welcome to the Theater of Domination. Someone said this to me in my dream. No, wait, it was my voice.”
The writing became sloppier and sloppier.
Theresa: …Sing, dissect, surgery… dominate… huh? Dominate… dissect…”
Theresa squinted and tried in vain to distinguish the writing. She turned to the next page with hope.
Theresa: Ah!
Fu Hua: It’s… covered in scribbles.
Theresa: The voice in the dream, the Theater of Domination, and a mysterious puppet… every victim has the same experience.
Fu Hua: After the puppet shows up, they become distraught, black out, or go missing… the puppet will then begin to act as them, taking over their identity.
Theresa: And the Theater of Domination is their base. According to what Bronya and Seele said, it seems to be a closed space cut off from reality.
Theresa: Puppets can enter and exit freely, or even reject others from entering… like ticket takers.
Fu Hua: No more clues in the diary. Only what we already know, but then again, it wouldn’t be here if here was something new.
Fu Hua: Let’s check the staff living quarters. And I want to talk to the guard about the day the victim went missing.
Theresa: Okay, I’ll head to the dorms while you go talk to the guard.
Theresa: I’ve played enough kid for a day.
Fu Hua: I remember the campus security is this way…
Puppet: Hello, what can I do for you?
Fu Hua: …!!!
Puppet: There seems to be a foreign body inside you.
Fu Hua: The puppet…
Puppet: Maybe I can help you with… Hmm?
Puppet: Hey, what happened to you?
Fu Hua: What?
Puppet: I came to treat you because I smelled a Herrscher Core…
Puppet: But… your case seems to be a thrombus… no, a tubercle? You can’t use your power? You’re a fake Herrscher?
Fu Hua: None of your business.
Puppet: Ah, you’re the second patient with such a bad attitude now. That’s not gonna help.
Puppet: Relax and cooperate nicely. I’ll fix you in no time.
Fu Hua: Better fix yourself first.
Puppet: Alas, kids these days. You should listen to the doctor.
Puppet: Ugh, you never argue with someone holding a deadly weapon. Goodbye.
Theresa: Stop right there!


CG plays wherein Theresa uses the Oath of Judah to restrain the puppet.


Theresa: You’re not getting away.
Puppet: Whoa, a Divine Key? Interesting.
Puppet: But compared to dead Cores like this one, living Cores are better. Corpses are better left to the legal examiners.
Theresa: What’s your purpose?
Puppet: Purpose, you say? Little one, do you know the ultimate purpose of medicine?
Theresa: …
Puppet: Humanity’s evolution, of course.
Puppet: Still don’t get it? Far from a plague, the Honkai is an antidote, a cure for humanity.
Fu Hua: Principal, we won’t know more from it.
Puppet: Bored already? Okay, do what you must.
Theresa: What?
Puppet: I’m only a shell. I was nothing more even when I was still human.
Puppet: My will and my consciousness have long since merged with my partners, with the Theater of Domination.
Puppet: I shall not die as long as there is one of “us” alive.
Puppet: We’re everywhere. We represent the future of humanity. The final victory belongs to us.
Theresa: Big talk.
Judah’s chains pierced the puppet’s chest.
Theresa: This should be the professor’s puppet. I avoided the Core. Let’s take it back to Dr. Einstein.
Fu Hua: Hmm, but something feels wrong.
Theresa: You feel that way too? It went too well for me to feel comfortable. They didn’t even fight back…
Fu Hua: We’d better get back soon.
Theresa: Yeah.


Gameplay 24-7 - Act 5, Scene 2:
A few days later, Salt Lake Base.
Welt: We’re gathered here today to share information on the Herrscher Core and decide our next move. Dr. Einstein and Dr. Tesla.
Einstein: The puppet brought back by Fu Hua and Theresa validated my assumption.
Einstein: Simply put, the puppets form a wireless network and the Theater is their server.
Einstein: Puppets can share information in real time to a certain extent. This is how they gather intel.
Tesla: But that’s not always the case. If a puppet so wishes, it can reject access by others. We only know this much.
Einstein: On the other hand, we can also use the network to our advantage.
Theresa: Is that the reverse tracking you brought up earlier?
Einstein: Yes. Based on the dozens of sample Cores we now have, we can figure out how many there are and where they are.
Welt: This gave us a chance to turn the tables. We’ve identified and removed more than ten puppets using this method.
Welt: Knowing where they are and how many there are is the first step in fighting back.
Theresa: Sounds like good news. They’re not good fighters. We have a very good chance if we can force them to face us head-on.
Einstein: But there’s a problem now.
Theresa: What is it?
Einstein: Their activities have stopped.
Theresa: Stopped? What do you mean?
Tesla: Literally. Stopped. Halted. Paused.
Theresa: Did they know their information was leaking?
Einstein: Might be, but something else caught more of my attention - their number stopped at 500.
Fu Hua: Exactly half of a thousand.
Einstein: Correct. Two days ago, their number dropped from 501 to 500, and since then, all their activities ceased.
Einstein: They’ve made no appearance for two full days.
Welt: It’s like they suddenly gave up their plan, or… their plan entered a new stage.
Tesla: They’ve created enough trouble for the world already.
Tesla: Things they broke we can fix, but the mutual distrust and chain of suspicion they created are hard to deal with.
Tesla: Look no further if you want to find a victim. I was blocked out of the base for half a month.
Welt: The situation works against us. We can’t allow them to lead us by the nose anymore.
Welt: Before, we always rushed to the scene after the deed was done. We were forced to react and our forces were split thin.
Welt: So the best way is to strike preemptively.
Welt: Gather them around in a controlled area and deal with them all at once.
Welt: It won’t be easy. We need to follow either of these two approaches: force them to gather or place a bait.
Welt: It’s not practical to force them to gather. There are too many of them, all scattered around.
Welt: So baiting them stands for our best chance. We set up a trap too good for the Herrscher to turn away.
Theresa: Wait…
Theresa: We need bait that the puppets will certainly bite?
Welt: That’s right.
Dead silence fell. Everyone held their breath waiting for the next words from Welt.
But he spoke no more. Instead, it was another voice that broke the silence.
Kiana: …I’ll be the bait.
Theresa: What?
Fu Hua: …
Bronya: Kiana?
Kiana: The new Herrscher is after Herrscher power, and the two Herrscher Cores in me make a priority target.
Kiana: So I proposed this plan to Mr. Yang.
Welt: Ahem…
Welt cleared his throat.
Welt: Let me explain. We’re not putting Kiana in danger.
Welt: We plan to ride the Hyperion to the Arctic Base, the containment facility that Congress proposed to keep the Herrscher of the Void.
Welt: From past experience, the puppets will certainly intercept information on the transfer.
Welt: And the Arctic Base is in a no man’s land stretching hundreds of kilometers. No puppets can be born there.
Welt: The base is fitted with electromagnetic barriers, cutting the puppets off from the Theater of Domination.
Welt: And so is the Salt Lake Base now. It’s safe to say…
Welt: That from the Salt Lake Base to the Arctic Base on board the Hyperion, this is their only chance to take Kiana.
Bronya: A weakness shown to the enemy on purpose…
Welt: They have only two choices: take the Herrscher of the Void at all costs, or let us go.
Welt: …Of course, whether to follow through with the plan is to be decided by everyone present today.
Einstein: I’m on board.
Theresa: Dr. Einstein…
Einstein: We’d have the element of surprise and the puppets won’t have much time to prepare.
Einstein: And we won’t have to split our forces since we only need to support Kiana on board the Hyperion.
Tesla: …
Tesla: …I’m for it too. It sounds like the most sensible plan so far.
…
The room fell silent again.
Kiana: …Principal, Fu Hua, Bronya, and Seele, I know I’ve been known to be associated with dangers.
Kiana: But this time is different. I need you, all of you.
Kiana: I trust you and everyone at Anti-Entropy, and I need you to trust me too.
Theresa: …
Theresa: Ugh, my idiot niece…
Theresa: Of course we trust you. We’ve never doubted you.
Fu Hua: We just can’t help worrying about you.
Bronya: Kiana, you alright?
Kiana: Yeah, relax, I’ve got it.
Seele: Kiana…
Kiana: Don’t worry, Seele, I feel more than safe with all of you around.
Seele: Yeah, I’ll do my best!
Welt: Looks like we have a conclusion now.
Welt: Well, the operation will commence in three days.
…
Theater of Domination.
The assembly hall was exceptionally quiet.
Puppet on the Judge Panel: I think we all know the reason we’re gathered here today.
Puppet on the Judge Panel: We’ve heard that the Herrscher of the Void would be transferred to a base in the Arctic in a few days.
Excited Puppet: They’re daring us!
The excited one stood up again.
Excited Puppet: Are we to submit to this humiliation?!
But this time no one came forward to object.
Excited Puppet: In their eyes, we’re nothing but cheese-chasing rats! They set up this apparent trap to insult us!
Excited Puppet: But if we let this chance go and stand idle, we’d prove we’re even worse than rats!
Excited Puppet: We know it’s a trap, but we’ll be there anyway, and come back with the prize!
Excited Puppet: It will be too late for them to regret when they see it’s not rats, but a grizzly who takes the bait!
After this passionate speech, the space grew even quieter.
Calm Puppet: Well said!
It turned out that someone who was against him now stood up to root for him.
Calm Puppet: These arrogant bastards deserve to learn a hard lesson!
Calm Puppet: Let us show them what true unity is!
Puppet in the Auditorium: Hear! Hear!
Puppet in the Auditorium: That’s right!
Voices of agreement and approval soon drowned the entire hall.
Puppet in the Auditorium: Damn right. I’m done getting belittled…
Puppet in the Auditorium: We have power now, and partners sharing the same mind!
Puppet in the Auditorium: This is something only we can achieve!
Puppet in the Auditorium: Yeah!
Puppet on the Judge Panel: Right on!
The puppet on the judging panel signaled all to be quiet with a thump.
Puppet on the Judge Panel: Well, I announce the motion to go unopposed…
Puppet on the Judge Panel: We will take the Herrscher of the Void!
Three days later.
Bronya: How are things going?
Tesla: No anomalies detected within the radar range.
Bronya: Roger. We’ll be on call.
Bronya: We’re halfway through the trip to the Arctic…
Fu Hua: Haste makes waste. The enemies know this too.
Tesla: Ah! They’re coming!
Tesla: Flying objects approaching at high speed toward the stern! Prepare for battle!
Bronya: Then the stern is where we stay.
Puppet: You’ve invited us like this…
Puppet: How could we say no?
Puppet: Isn’t this…
Puppet: The girl who lost her bike and the patient who refused to be treated?
Tesla: Warning! Multiple hostile units detected again! Soon to be encountered on deck!
Bronya: The deck…
Bronya: Seele, enemies are coming at you.
Seele: I know. Don’t worry, Bronya.
Bronya: Please take care of Rozaliya and Liliya.
Seele: Of course.
Puppet: Huh, long time no see, Princess Double-Colors.
Puppet: Looks like you’re busy babysitting.
Seele: It’s… over?
Bronya: The stern is clear.
Tesla: Huh? But the radar screen shows they’re still there!
Seele: Huh?
Bronya: They’re inside the hull!
The Hyperion.
Theresa: How are you feeling, Kiana?
Kiana: Couldn’t be better, Principal.
Kiana was inside of a makeshift EM barrier. She was the bait, but her contact with the puppets would better be kept at minimum.
Theresa: Look at you. The old Kiana wouldn’t even sit still for three minutes.
Kiana: Haha, yeah, I was like that.
Kiana: But it is my idea after all. I have to see it through.
*giggles*
Kiana: …What’s that sound?
Disturbing giggles came from every direction.
Theresa: The puppets? They’re here already?
*giggles*
The giggles continued, but there was no sight of any puppet.
Theresa: …The ventilation pipes!
As if found in a hide-and-seek game, the puppets swarmed out from the ventilation pipes.
Puppet: Poor poor you, placed here as bait!
Kiana: At least I'm an effective bait.
Puppet: Say that again…
Puppet: When we finish with you and walk out freely!
Theresa: You can try.
Puppet: It takes a lot of nerve for a little kid shorter than a cross to get in our way.
Tesla: Theresa! The puppet has invaded the ship’s power system!
Tesla: Their target is… the barrier around Kiana!
Theresa: What?!
Theresa: The barrier’s down…
Tesla: Initiate Plan B!
Tesla: Kiana, remember, as long as you don’t use the power of…
Kiana: Our comms are jammed!
Theresa: Kiana!
Kiana: Ah…!
Puppet: Ugh, this is getting tedious.
Puppet: But I’ll say it one more time, for you…
Puppet: Kiana, Kiana…
Puppet: Welcome to the Theater of Domination!


Gameplay 24-8 - Act 5, Scene 3:
Puppet: Our target has swallowed the bait.
Kiana: So this is the Theater of Domination that Bronya talked about…
Puppet: Haha, check it out everyone, the big gift from Anti-Entropy.
Weird applause sounded in the Theater. It was hard to tell where it came from.
Puppet: Why don’t we hold another assembly and decide what to do with the girl?
Excited Puppet: I say we disassemble her like they did our partners!
Calm Puppet: We lock her up and take our time to study her!
Shouts and screams filled the space, and then irregular footsteps came close.
Kiana: Tsk…
Kiana: (This place is too small…)
Kiana: (I’ve gotta find an open space.)
Puppet: Hey, you can’t leave! We haven’t decided on how to deal with you!
Puppet: Hahaha, you think you’re safe so long as you don’t use your Herrscher powers?
Puppet: We can take your Cores from your dead body just as easily!
Kiana: (I’ve gotta hold on a little longer!)
Kiana: Here it is.
Puppet: What? Trying to pick a good spot for your burial?
Kiana: Yeah, I am, but it’s for you. Like it?
Puppet: Huh? Haha…
Puppet: Adorable as ever. Everything’s changed about you, but the dumb brain has somehow managed to stay.
Puppet: Rub your big eyes and take a good look at us. Our number against yours. Oh, I forgot, math’s been a headache for you all along.
Puppet: Fine, fine, since you’ve chosen such a grand stage.
Puppet: Let us give you a lesson in math!
Kiana: Ugh…
Kiana: (I’ve only got one chance…)
Kiana: (I must… control my power…)
Three days ago.
Welt: They have only two choices: take the Herrscher of the Void at all costs, or let us go.
Welt: …
Welt: Of course, if they choose the latter, it may lead to the third possible scenario.
Welt: The puppets will drag Kiana into the Theater and force her to use her Herrscher powers.
Kiana: …
Bronya: And they can keep everyone out. Kiana will be on her own.
Welt: Correct, but on the other hand, it also presents us with a good opportunity.
Theresa: What opportunity?
Welt and Kiana exchanged a look. Kiana nodded and stood up.
Kiana: If that happens…
Kiana: I’ll use my powers as the Herrscher of the Void to bring the Hyperion into the Theater.
Bronya: Through teleportation?
Theresa: Can… that be done?
Einstein: Theoretically, yes. Kiana has mastered the Edge of Taixuan and thus can use her Herrscher powers with precision.
Einstein: In the previous clash with the Herrscher of Sentience, she had realised such potential and rescued Fu Hua.
Tesla: But… we don’t know if she can do it repeatedly.
Tesla: Kiana has never teleported anything as big as the Hyperion.
Tesla: Even if she can, navigating the Hyperion precisely into the Theater would be a tough challenge.
Kiana: But not impossible, right?
Kiana: Maybe you can put a tracker on me? I believe you smart people can surely think of something.
Tesla: …It’s a gamble.
Kiana: But we have to chip in.
Kiana: In the battle against the Herrscher of Sentience, we were reacting to her moves every step of the way.
Kiana: We can’t take them all out, but they can retreat to the Theater at any time. Also, we can’t enter the Theater uninvited.
Kiana: According to intel from the Principal, our disadvantageous position will remain as long as there’s one puppet out there.
Kiana: So this is perhaps our only chance to destroy their base once and for all.
Seele: Wait, isn’t Kiana supposed to avoid using her Herrscher powers?
Seele: Also, will she also suffer from the energy drain in the Theater like Bronya?
Einstein: The Herrscher powers will be taken once they’re used. There are preliminary conditions to this theory.
Einstein: First, a puppet needs to be in close contact with the target. Second, Herrscher power needs to be used on the puppet.
Einstein: That’s why they always keep a distance from you in the fight, with the hope of you using Herrscher powers on them.
Tesla: Of course, we don’t know if putting a giant hole in the Theater would lead to the same result…
Tesla: As for energy erosion, we’re working on a solution. A simple isolation device should suffice.
Welt: …
Welt: This plan involves a lot of uncertainty, but the potential reward is too good to overlook.
Welt: Of course, it’s still up to everyone present here whether we follow through or not.
…
Kiana: Ugh…
Kiana: I… am ready!


CG plays wherein Kiana utilises her powers to pull the Hyperion straight into the Theater of Domination using a gigantic portal.


Puppet: What? How… how is this possible?
Tesla: Kiana, can you hear me?!
Kiana: Copy! Comms are back online.
Tesla: Great! Hyperion, preparing to drop support mechas!
Tesla: Check out this custom model for you, dummies! Try hacking them this time!
Theresa: We did it! Oh… I was worried sick.
Bronya: Kiana, support is on the way.
Puppet: Ugh… how rude.
Puppet: Do you not know the audience is not allowed on stage during the show?
Puppet: Let me teach you about the consequences of trespassing!
Tesla: I’ll show you who’s the protagonist here!
Tesla: Hyperion, fire!
Tesla: Humph, what other toys do you have? Just bring them all out!
Puppet: Hahaha, how about this?
Tesla: Damn you! That’s mine! How dare you!
Tesla: Ah, it broke? Hahaha, serves you right!
Tesla: Next time you think of stealing my stuff, think again!
Kiana: Enough, Herrscher of Domination!


Gameplay 24-9 - Act 5, Scene 4:
Kiana: You’re good at math, right?
Kiana: Why don’t you do the math on the odds of you winning?
Puppet: *weird laughter*
Puppet: It’s… not over yet…
Kiana: You’ve already lost.
Puppet: No… We’ll do anything…
Puppet: To make you one of us… Kiana!
Tesla: Hmm? Kiana! Watch out!
Tesla: All 500 puppets in the Theater are coming at you!
Kiana: Humph, ganging up on me, huh?
Tesla: They must’ve played their last card.
Tesla: Hyperion, fire!
Puppet: Hahaha…
Kiana: Ugh… That’s some disgusting laughter.
Puppet: *giggles*
Kiana: Phew… that’s it.
The Last Puppet: Hahahaha…
Kiana: Still laughing? Haven’t you seen you’re the only one left?
The Last Puppet: Haha… yeah…
The Last Puppet: Yeah… I’m alone now… again…
The Last Puppet: Just like back in Arc City!
Kiana: Arc City?
The Last Puppet: Kiana… what’s it all for?
The Last Puppet: You tore us apart without any mercy… like we were monsters without a heart.
The Last Puppet: Think about it, Kiana… Is it true?
The Last Puppet: We had our conviction, our vision, and partners…
The Last Puppet: For the sake of the dying humanity, you slaughtered us without remorse. Is it really worth it?
Kiana: Are you done?
The Last Puppet: Hehe…
The Last Puppet: Think about it, Kiana… Think about what you did…
Bang…
The puppet fell.
Kiana: …It’s over.
Tesla: We… we made it! Energy signatures from the remaining 500 puppets are all gone! Well done, girls!
Theresa: Kiana, are you alright?
Kiana: I’m… fine. Just a bit tired…
Einstein: The space is collapsing, and the Theater will perhaps vanish with it. We should head back to the Hyperion.
Bronya: Come, Kiana, let the Bronya help you.
Kiana: Thank you… Bronya…
Very soon, with a violent rumble, the Hyperion came back to the real world.
Tesla: Phew, we’re back.
Tesla: Wait, what are these on the deck?
Einstein: What’s left of the puppets, and their Cores.
Tesla: 500 of them?
Einstein: Should be.
Tesla: God, it’ll take a while to recycle them all. Just leave it to Anti-Entropy. Good job, everyone!
Tesla: Oh right, Mophead, who’s on duty today?
Einstein: It’s you, Dr. Tesla.
Tesla: …Huh?


Gameplay 24-10 - Act 5, Scene 5:
Two weeks later, Salt Lake Base.
Kiana: Dr. Einstein, you sent for me?
Einstein: Yes, please take a seat.
Seele: Kiana, do you feel better now?
Kiana: Oh, Seele’s here too. Thanks for asking. I’m fine now.
Einstein: The checkup results indicate your body is fine. How is your appetite?
Kiana: Good. Four meals a day, and an extra burger on training days. I think I’m having a better appetite than before.
Seele: Kiana eats with everyone else now.
Seele: Everyone’s relieved that the puppet trouble is over, and Kiana impressed a lot of people. She’s made new friends here.
Kiana: Haha, the lady at the cafeteria “ordered” me to go there earlier so everyone doesn’t have to wait for me long.
Kiana: By the way, Dr. Einstein, anything new on the Herrscher of Domination?
Einstein: Every Core was retrieved. No new Herrscher events have occurred for two weeks.
Kiana: That’s great.
Kiana let out a sigh of relief.
Einstein: Anti-Entropy and Schicksal have shared the intel with some countries.
Einstein: It’s too early to say it’s behind us just yet, but it’s no longer a prioritised concern now.
Einstein: It takes time to restore the disrupted social order and heal the wounds. A lot of work has to be done.
Einstein: But anyway, thanks to you, Kiana, we won the battle.
Kiana: No, it was a team effort.
Einstein: I knew you’d say so. But save your comments for tonight.
Kiana: Tonight?
Einstein: You forgot why I sent for you and Seele?
Kiana: Huh?
Seele: It’s Anti-Entropy’s 60th anniversary party! We’ve missed the date, but Dr. Einstein feels we should make up for it.
Seele: Remember the shopping we did last time? Now’s the time to start decorating.
Kiana: Oh, yeah. That shopping feels like ages ago. Hard to imagine Anti-Entropy’s been around for so long.
Seele: Yeah, a lot’s happened since the shopping, but now we’ve sorted out all the problems.
Einstein: Tonight is a good opportunity for everyone to unwind. Maybe we’ll even get to see Dr. Tesla on stage.
Kiana: Huh? Is that really happening?
Einstein: Not on usual terms, but things may deviate just a little bit if I sneak some alcohol into her coffee.
Kiana: Haha, I’m suddenly looking forward to the party now.
That night, Salt Lake Base.
Welt: We all know it hasn’t been easy for Anti-Entropy since the first day it was founded.
Welt: In 1976 when we were celebrating its 20th birthday… I asked Professor Planck, one of the founders, this question:
Welt: Where will the future of Anti-Entropy take us?
Welt: Back then, Schicksal was hunting us, and we had no footing outside America… the research on the Selene was going nowhere.
Welt: I thought these unfavorable conditions were curbing the growth of our organisation.
Welt: But the professor didn’t agree.
Welt: “The future of Anti-Entropy depends on every single one of us.” She said so pointing at her own heart.
Welt: “If we fight Schicksal calmly and bravely, they won’t be able to stop us. If we keep working hard, Anti-Entropy will grow strong.”
Welt: “And if one day, we can open everyone’s eyes to the good in this world, humanity will defeat the Honkai for sure.”
Welt: And that, I believe, is the Anti-Entropy spirit.
Welt: Today, we’re here celebrating the 60th anniversary of Anti-Entropy. Tomorrow, more tough tasks await us.
Welt: Everyone raise your glass. Let’s drink to the Anti-Entropy spirit!
All: To the Anti-Entropy spirit!
The loud laughter and joyful noises took away all the pressure burdening everyone in the base. They deserved this moment.
Kiana: I’ll go look around.


Kiana: Hi, Dr. Einstein.
Einstein: Hi, Kiana. Are you having a good time?
Kiana: You bet I am. Isn’t Dr. Tesla putting on a show? Where is she?
Einstein: Er…
Einstein forced an awkward smile.
Einstein: I think I went a little bit over the top when “spicing up” her coffee… She should stay asleep for the whole night.
Kiana: Dr. Einstein…
Einstein: Hehe.


Kiana: Mr. Yang.
Welt: Hi, Kiana.
Kiana: That was an excellent speech.
Welt: Haha, I was just improvising.
Welt: But I believe in every word I said.
Welt: I look forward to seeing the Anti-Entropy vision come true, and of course, it wouldn’t be possible without every one of you.
Welt: Just as Professor Planck said, “the future of Anti-Entropy depends on every one of us”.
Kiana: I’ll keep that in mind.


Kiana: Hi, Fu Hua.
Fu Hua: Hi, Kiana.
Kiana: That’s a new look.
Fu Hua: It’s only polite to follow the dress code.
Kiana: But… somehow you still feel a bit rigid?
Fu Hua: No, I’m just not used to the crowd.
Fu Hua: And… I’m still worried about the Herrscher of Sentience.
Kiana: I see.
Fu Hua: To be frank, I was hoping she could be here too.
Kiana: Why?
Fu Hua: The friendly vibe here might do something for her and make her feel differently about the world.


Kiana: Principal.
Theresa: Oh, Kiana!
Kiana: How’s the feast?
Theresa: Hmm, nothing to complain about, except they don’t serve bitter melon juice here, and some kids took me for their same age.
Kiana: Ah…


Kiana: Bronya, you’re here.
Bronya: Kiana, what’s keeping your claws from all the food?
Kiana: Hehe, I had plenty when we were setting the place up.
Bronya: Typical Kiana.
Kiana: I thought you didn’t like the crowd.
Bronya: It’s not bad to mingle once in a while.
Bronya: Reminds me of the days at St. Freya.
Kiana: Yeah, me too.


Rozaliya: Vodka Girls! Making an entrance!
Rozaliya and Liliya were giving a performance with everyone cheering for them.
Kiana: Haha, they were born to entertain people like this.


Kiana: Hi, Seele.
Seele: Oh, hi, Kiana.
Kiana: Thanks for helping with the preparations.
Kiana: You’re the reason why we have this beautiful setup.
Seele: Hehe, I’m just glad everyone is enjoying the party.
Kiana: How are the kids? Do they like it?
Seele: Yeah! Remember the balloons we bought for them? They love them!
Kiana: Oh, yeah, and I remember the shopkeeper gave you a discount.
Seele: Hehe, maybe we should do this again some other time.
Kiana: Yeah, why not.


Kiana: Hi, Ai-chan.
Ai-chan: Hey there, Kiana! How can I help you?
Kiana: Hmm… what’s the weather like tomorrow?
Ai-chan: Sunny, 26 degrees celsius, suitable for outdoor activities.
Kiana: Hmm, guess I’ll go to the balcony to get some sunshine.


Kiana: Whoa, so much food. It’s a shame I had too much earlier…
Kiana: Oh, they also serve desserts?
Kiana: Hehe, I think I can have some more.


AE Administration Staff Member: Oh, it’s Kiana!
Kiana: Oh, hello, Taotao.
AE Administration Staff Member: Don’t forget to tell me how you like my new dishes.
Kiana: No problem.
AE HR Staff Member: Kiana, our colleagues brought some souvenirs from their field trip. Be sure to come over and check them out!
Kiana: Sure will.


Kiana: Hmm… the banquet isn’t over yet, but somehow I feel tired already.
Kiana: What do I do now?


[CHOICE] = Return to the room and rest.


Kiana: Better hit the hay now. I’m counting on a sweet dream tonight.


[CHOICE] = Take another look around.


Kiana: It’s a rare occasion. I’ll stick around for a bit longer.


Kiana returned to her room.
Kiana: Phew… bed time!
Thump… thump…
Kiana: Huh? Who’s knocking on the door at this hour?
Kiana opened the door…
Bronya: Hi, Kiana.
Kiana: Bronya? Why are you here?
Kiana let Bronya in and the two sat on the bed.
Kiana: What is it? Too many people for you to feel comfortable?
Bronya: I’m fine. What about you?
Kiana: It felt nice, but the days at St. Freya were certainly happier.
Kiana: Oh, I wasn’t complaining about the setup, just…
Kiana dropped her eyes trying to choose the right words.
Kiana: …St. Freya has all the best memories.
Bronya: …
Kiana: Oh yeah, you were in contact with the puppets, right?
Bronya: Correct, the Bronya met one whose host was a host.
Kiana: Whoa, must have been very talkative, right?
Bronya: Yeah, just like in a talk show.
Kiana: Must be annoying.
Bronya: Kiana… are you dwelling on the words of the last puppet?
Kiana: Ha, you got me. Hmm… more or less.
Bronya: They’re not real humans, just twisted personalities.
Kiana: I know. I’m just thinking, would I choose to become a puppet if I was one of the victims?
Kiana: If Dad didn’t save me… if Mei and you didn’t find me… if Aunt Theresa didn’t take me in… where would I be now?
Kiana: Thinking back now, I’ve been a receiver of kindness from people around me all along.
Kiana: These puppets… all of them went through failure after failure…
Kiana: They were on their own… lost hope… and gave in to their inner darkness… I think I can somehow relate to that.
Kiana: I understand their suffering, but I don’t agree with their solution. You can always try to get up after you fall.
Kiana: Of course, I wouldn’t say I’d still stick to my path without help from all of you.
Kiana: I just feel there must be some good left even when the situation seems desperate. Maybe, it’s time I helped someone else.
Bronya: From Arc City to Mount Taixuan and the recent battle, you’ve helped a lot of people.
Bronya: So rest your worries, Kiana, one day we will make everyone see the good in this world.
Kiana: Haha, I believe that came from Mr. Yang, right? You were quick to pick it up.
Bronya: To be more exact, they were Professor Planck’s words, and the Bronya couldn’t agree more.
Kiana: Yeah, well said.
Kiana: Thank you, Bronya. Spitting out all of this has been a big relief.
Bronya: …I’m glad to hear.
Bronya: Time to sleep now, Kiana, remember you still have training tomorrow.
Kiana: Good night, Bronya.
Bronya: Good night, Kiana.
Bronya left the room.
Kiana: …
Kiana walked to the window. Up above in the night sky, the crescent moon was smiling warmly.
In that same moonlight, she slept alone on the cold streets of Arc City, and had sweet dreams in her soft bed at St. Freya.
The memories started to blur and for a moment she couldn’t tell which were dreams and which were real.
Only the crescent moon stayed throughout all the changes.
Kiana: …
Kiana clenched her fists…
Kiana: Mei… Himeko… I promise… I’ll bring you home.
…
…
*Click… click…*


CG plays wherein, from inside the Theater of Domination, a lone puppet rises from a pile of its fallen brethren, eyes glowing ominously.


Act 3 - Act 6:
Gameplay 24-11 - Act 6, Scene 1:
Puppet: Ugh…
It found itself surrounded by its partners’ remnants.
Puppet: Not… over yet…
Crawling in the broken parts, the puppet couldn’t even tell the boundaries between its body and that of its partners.
…We’ve made it.
Puppet: Hahaha…
Puppet: This is… our theater…
The final victory is ours…
With everyone together, we’ll be stronger than ever.
The sacrifice of all in exchange for the rebirth of one.
Now… we need only to return to the stage… and finish the show…
Puppet: The stage… of the thousand.
Puppet: The strings… are already getting to you now!


*Rumble*
The dark tide swallowed her. She could see nothing, but somehow she felt secure and content.
The expansion of space stopped and the flow of time halted. Even the boundaries that defined “self” were melting.
In the boundless darkness, she dreamt a distant dream.
The feeling was familiar. Night after night, she was cast into this same dream.
In it, fate was torn apart into broken strands, pouring down between her fingers like fine grains of sand.
Short, cold, and like a firefly, it swooshed past.
It was her life.
It wasn’t her life.
It belonged to someone named Sirin. Everything she had once been through.
Sirin: Ouch!
Sirin: Ouch!!
Sirin: It hurts!
Excruciating pain took over her entire consciousness and drew deep, bloody marks on her mind.
Tears burst out of her eyes and blurred her vision.
Researcher: This subject is no use either.
The man’s voice was devoid of any emotion. He walked away with heavy footsteps.
Under the relentless assault of sharp, incessant pain, every cell was crying out loud and struggling for relief.
Sirin: It hurts so much… Mum, it hurts…
Sirin: Mum… mum…
Maybe this psychological trick was effective, as crying for mum did alleviate the pain slightly.
She labored to stand up and looked at the other kids who received the “checkup”.
Sirin: Avrora? Agata? Bella? Are you… alright?
No response.
She nudged the shoulder of the kid next to her, but the touch was cold and rigid.
Sirin: Bella, Bella…
The touch was a familiar sensation. Her mum’s hand felt the same when she passed away.
And it meant… she’d never come back.
Sirin: Bella… Bella… wake up…
Tears began to well up her dried eyes again, dropping on her wounded body.
Everyone here was orphaned in the disaster. An organisation named Schicksal took them in and provided shelter.
All they asked in return was… a simple checkup. Grown-ups said the kids were lucky to have a natural antibody…
Sirin: Liars… you’re all liars!
Waiting for the kids was nothing but endless pain and the final relief of death.
They were consumables with a serial number. They ran out of their use very soon.
Sirin: No… no! I don’t want to die! I want everyone who has ever lied to me and used me to pay the price!
She stumbled to the door and shook the door handle with every last bit of her strength.
Sirin: Let me out! Let me out!
The handle stayed firmly in place, but the side door creaked open.
Maybe the researcher forgot to lock it, or maybe he thought the lab rats wouldn’t be able to resist anyway.
This was her only chance.
To flee this place, this living hell!
Kiana: This again… is this the Tower of Babylon?
Kiana: This is where Sirin used to suffer…
Sirin: Ow… That hurts… Every step hurts!
Kiana: These are all Sirin’s memories…
Researcher: Hey! A test subject broke out!
Researcher: What are the guards doing? Get her!
Sirin: No… Stay away from me!
Researcher: Get her! Don’t let her run away!
Sirin: Ow… It hurts! Don’t touch me!
Sirin: You’re all liars! Demons!
Sirin: I’ll kill you… I’ll kill you all!!
Kiana: It’s the pain that Sirin suffered and her desire for revenge that turned her into the Herrscher of the Void…
Kiana: I can feel her hatred towards humans…
Sirin: Back off! Get away from me!!
Researcher: Get that test subject! She’s rare research material! Get her alive!
Researcher: Release the Honkai beasts we caught last time!
Kiana: These people are insane…
Sirin: You’ll pay for this…
Sirin: I’ll erase you all from this planet!!!
Sirin: Aaaaargh!!!
Researcher: Haha, guess that’s all you got.
Researcher: It’s impressive that you could hold out this long. You’d make good research material!
Researcher: Get her!
She was dragged back to that living hell.
No, a place far more terrifying than hell.
The only rewards for the test subjects who survived were a heavier dose and more tests.
She had no idea when this ordeal would come to an end, or… if there would be an end at all.
In the never-ending misery, she cursed, cried, and prayed.
If I had power… if I had power…
Sirin: I’ll repay whoever hurt me or lied to me tenfold… no, a hundredfold!
And then…
Just like the fairy tales heard in her mum’s loving arms, her god came to her.
*Rumble*
The dream continued.
That night, all hell broke loose in the Babylon Labs.
With the power granted, she realised every one of her wishes. She fled the tower and shook off the test subject identity.
Since then, she became known as the 2nd Herrscher.
Theresa: Sorry… I know you’ve been through a lot.
Sirin: Oh, finally saying sorry now? Too late… too late!
Theresa: If I found out earlier… if I came to your rescue sooner…
Sirin: …
She knew this girl with silver hair.
She freed the imprisoned kids and reached her hand out to them, saying…
Theresa: Please trust me. I’m here to get you out.
Sirin: False promise…
She looked about the same age, with the same vibe of youth. Her smile reminded the Herrscher of Avrora, Agata, and Bella.
But…
“You should feel proud to die for Schicksal and the Valkyries.”
Somehow, these words kept echoing in her head.
Sirin: …Yes, I remember now.
She wore the Schicksal badge.
She wielded the Schicksal weapon.
Behind her were Schicksal’s Valkyries.
Sirin: Those who wore lab coats once told me the tests were for the Valkyries’ Stigmata.
Sirin: If it weren’t for you… so many of us wouldn’t have had to die in pain and in vain!
Sirin: I’ll prove to everyone that I’m stronger than all of you!
Sirin: All those who work for Schicksal must die. Every one of them!
Tesla: Theresa, watch out! She’s about to attack!
Sirin: And this… is my revenge!
Tesla: All mech units, prepare for battle!
Sirin: I’ll show you how weak humans’ weapons are!
Kiana: Those people brought so much pain to Sirin and left her scars that would never heal…
Kiana: So the darkness in her heart kept growing…
Tesla: Take a good look at the real strength of humanity!
Tesla: Silver Bullet Ver. 0314, prepare to launch!
Tesla: Countdown: 5…
Tesla: 4…
Tesla: 3…
Tesla: 2…
Tesla: 1!
Tesla: Launch!
In the deafening blast, the Herrscher’s consciousness came to a halt.
*Rumble*
But her memory didn’t stop there.
Her god favored her once again and blessed her.
The Herrscher’s dream kept growing, surging towards the horizon and sweeping everything in the way.
Only this time…
Cecilia: You don’t even recognise your own daughter after two drinks?
Sirin: (Is this… also the feather at work? Are they taking me for their own daughter?)
Sirin: (Humph, whatever, I’ll just…)
Cecilia: Here, Sirin, we bought this cake for you…
Sirin: Cake?
Sirin: (I remember when Mum was still alive, she once bought a slice for me…)
Sirin: Well, one bite won’t hurt…
Sirin: (It’s so… delicious!)
Sirin: (...Just like the one Mum bought me.)
Cecilia: Sorry, Sirin, for not being here with you these past two days.
Cecilia: So let’s go shopping tomorrow!
Sirin: Sho… shopping?!
Sirin: (What am I doing here? Why haven’t I killed them already?)
Sirin: (They’re not my parents!)
Sirin: (Never mind, what can go wrong in an illusion created by myself? I can do it whenever I want and there’s no hurry.)
Sirin: (I’ll just play along and see what other tricks they’ve prepared.)
Sirin: (Normal and happy days…)
Sirin: (If the Honkai never happened and Mum didn’t die… would I be living such a life now?)
Cecilia: Sirin, let’s check out this store. Their dresses look cute~
Sirin: …??
Cecilia: You’re giving me quite the headache now. You look good in every dress and I want to buy out the whole store!
Sirin: Er, how do I look in this?
Cecilia: Oh, I must say my baby doll has wonderful taste. You’re literally the cutest girl on earth in this dress!
Cecilia: Come, give me a hug.
Sirin: …!
Sirin: Wait… no… I.. I don’t want to hug…
Sirin: (What was I thinking? I must have lost my mind…)
Sirin: (For a second, I almost longed for her hug…)
Sirin: (But she’s not my Mum…)
A huge boom came with strong shockwaves, shattering every window from the buildings nearby.
Sirin: An explosion?
Sirin: Tsk, glass shards can never hurt me!
Cecilia: Sirin!
Cecilia: Watch out!
Sirin: What are you do…
Cecilia: Don’t be afraid, Mum’s here for you.
Cecilia: I’m here right by your side.
Cecilia: Ich liebe dich, Sirin.
Sirin: Mum…
Not long after.
Sirin: Liar… liar! You’re a liar!
Sirin: You knew I wasn’t your daughter! You lied to me!
Cecilia: Sirin… listen to me…
Sirin: You pretended to care about me and approached me…
Sirin: Of course, you did all this only to kill me! You’re just like everyone else. Liars! All liars!
Cecilia: No, Sirin! I…
Sirin: I curse you! Curse you! Get out of my way!
Sirin: Why did you lie to me? Why? Why?!
Kiana: Sirin’s intense hatred subsided a little bit.
Kiana: But her disappointment and anger grew.
Sirin: It hurts! Stop it… Don’t hurt me!
Sirin: I don’t wanna die… I don’t wanna die!
Kiana: Sirin…
Sirin: Aaaaargh!
Sirin: …Am I dead?
Sirin: Can’t feel anything. Only the cold…
Sirin: In the end, I’m still… alone…
Sirin: Mum, I feel cold… Mum…
Cecilia: It’s alright, Sirin. Everything will be fine.
Cecilia: Sirin, poor child, I never meant to lie to you.
Cecilia: In the illusion, I saw your loneliness and pain.
Cecilia: I genuinely wanted to be your Mum and make up for everything you lost.
Cecilia: But at that time, I couldn’t change anything.
Cecilia: The least I can do is to…
Cecilia: Let you feel warm in your last moment.
Cecilia: Sirin…
Cecilia: Ich liebe dich.
*Rumble*
In the boundless dream, I dream a false dream.
In the dream, who I miss the most is not my Mum.
I miss the warmth and care that makes me feel secure and content.
I thought to myself over and over again, if somehow I could become normal again…
Would I live a happy life by her side?
If…
I was given a second chance…
I want to hear her voice again.
“Ich liebe dich.”
Kiana: …!
Kiana: Huff… huff…
Kiana: This same dream again?
Kiana: Phew…
Kiana: I’m thirsty. Gonna get some water.
*Sploosh*
At the corner of the room, the fish tank gave off a pale and cold light. A distraction to help Anti-Entropy employees relax.
In the pale light, the mirror returned a blurred figure.
Kiana: …Ah!
Kiana: Sirin…
Kiana: …
Kiana: At that time… what did you dream of?
Kiana: “Ich liebe dich.”
Kiana: The words you whispered again and again… What do they mean to you?
Kiana: …
Kiana: Sigh…
Kiana: So this shadow of memory can’t give me an answer, huh?
Kiana: Tomorrow… I’ll talk to everyone about this tomorrow.


Gameplay 24-12 - Act 6, Scene 2:
Next morning, Salt Lake Base.
…
Kiana: …
Bronya: What’s wrong, Kiana? You feel absentminded.
Kiana: Huh? Oh, nothing.
Bronya: …
Kiana: Sorry to make you worry.
Kiana: I wasn’t gonna keep it from you, and I promised to share my troubles anyway, but it’s just… a little bit complicated.
Bronya: The Bronya does not mind. You can try to tell us in your own way, bit by bit.
Kiana: Well… Bronya, this may sound abrupt…
Kiana: What kind of person… do you think Sirin is?
Bronya: Sirin? The Herrscher of the Void?
Kiana: Yeah. In my dreams, I’ve relived her memory over and over. She’s a Herrscher and our enemy, but I’ve felt more of her human side.
Kiana: The world mistreated her and only taught her hatred, but there were a few who showed kindness and love to her.
Kiana: Sorry, this sounds like I’m defending her. Maybe her memory is starting to work on me. I need to resist it better.
Bronya: You don’t have to apologise for your compassion. The Bronya is glad you shared it with her.
Bronya: Sirin caused the 2nd Eruption… which took the Bronya’s family.
Kiana: …Do you hate her?
Bronya: It would be a lie if the Bronya were to say no, but it happened before she started to remember things. So, not much.
Bronya: The 2nd Eruption ended with her death, so she had paid the price. The Bronya doesn’t hate her anymore.
Bronya: The Bronya can relate to what you said.
Bronya: Everyone is a mirror that reflects how the world treats them.
Bronya: When the Bronya was a mercenary, a lethal weapon, she could only feel the murderous intent of the world.
Bronya: Later, Matushka Cocolia took the Bronya into the orphanage and gave her a home.
Bronya: One’s life is promised inexhaustible possibilities. The people around them will change them and shape their lives.
Bronya: It’s the same for Sirin, the Bronya, and everyone else.
Bronya: And that’s exactly why the Herrscher of Domination was so successful in kindling the negativity in people’s minds.
Kiana: Yeah, we can’t submit to our negative energy.
Bronya: Correct. This is why the mind is powerful.
Bronya: However, if you were referring to the Sirin lurking inside you and attempting to take control…
Bronya: I do hate her, for she has caused you great pain…
Kiana: …Thank you.
Bronya: Saying what’s on your mind and expressing your gratitude frankly like this makes you feel like the old you again.
Kiana: Haha, agreed. This is supposed to be the real me.
Kiana: Hoo! I feel much better now. Well, since we’re in the training room, what do you say we have a match? It’s been so long.
Bronya: Sure. How do you wanna do this? No matter which form of match, there is one ground rule…
Bronya: Though this is just a simulation training, the Bronya will not go easy on you.
Kiana: That’s exactly what I was gonna say!
Bronya: In St. Freya, the Bronya never lost to Kiana.
Kiana: Today will be different!
SYSTEM: Training complete. Score: ??? (Depends on gameplay)
Bronya: Kiana has made huge progress.
Kiana: Hehe, you bet!
Bronya: Then the Bronya should get serious.
Kiana: Bring it on!
Bronya: Hoo, it’s been so long since my last serious fight.
Kiana: Oof, I’m exhausted… Bronya’s so strong.
Bronya: This is odd.
Kiana: What’s wrong?
Bronya: Still can’t use it…
Bronya: I still can’t use the powers of the Herrscher of Reason.
Kiana: What? How come… I thought we already beat the Herrscher of Domination…
Bronya: We did defeat them. But there’s still something wrong.
Bronya: At first, I thought the lost power would recover over time, but it never did even after so long.
Kiana and Bronya both fell silent and began to think hard.
Bronya noticed that her power didn’t come back when they defeated all the puppets, but she wasn’t sure why back then.
After ruling out all other factors, the problem stayed and the situation became thorny.
Bronya: There must be some important clues that we failed to notice.
Kiana: But the puppets are all destroyed, and we can’t go back to the Theater of Domination, so how should we retrieve your power?
Bronya: I don’t rely on the Herrscher powers to fight, so it’s okay if we can’t retrieve it. It’s just… there seems to be something disturbing hidden behind all this.
Kiana: Um… Actually, I’ve always had doubts in my mind too.
Kiana: In the Theater, I was ready to have my Herrscher powers taken away when I opened the passage.
Kiana: Because I knew it’d take a while for the puppets to master the powers they stole. We just need to beat them before that. It was a safe bet.
Kiana: But strangely enough, my Herrscher power wasn’t taken away. And nothing hindered me from using it in later battles.
Kiana: At that time, I thought they knew it was a losing battle, so they just gave up their meaningless struggle.
Kiana: But it seems even stranger now that you said that… why didn’t they take my Herrscher power if it’d be useful to them?
Bronya: Yeah, it’s really suspicious. They flocked to you for your Herrscher powers, but didn’t do anything when they had the chance. Why is that?
Kiana: No idea…
Bronya: I’ll discuss this with the doctors. Be careful and stay safe, Kiana.
Kiana: I will.
Kiana: Ugh, I’m starving. I’m going to the cafeteria, see you later!
Cafeteria, Anti-Entropy Salt Lake Base.
Kiana: Ah~ I’m full.
Seele: …
Kiana: Hmm? Why are you staring at the vending machine, Seele?
Seele: This thing seems to be broken.
Kiana: Let me see… Er, you didn’t press Confirm. See? Just give this button a push and voila, your mustard goober~
Seele: …
Kiana: Haha, what’s the matter, Seele? It’s like you’ve never seen a vending machine before.
Seele: Humph, it’s all that idiot’s fault. She asked me to have some food I like, but I didn’t know I had to go through all these troubles first…
Kiana: Hm? Seele feels so different today…
Kiana: Anyway, you’re still our Seele~
Seele: Humph, of course… we’re both Seele. What about you? How’s your fight with the other you going?
Kiana: …
Seele: (Shoot, did I say something I’m not supposed to say? Seele’d be mad at me if she knew…)
Seele: Um, I mean, everyone has two versions of themselves… good and bad. You don’t need to worry about it.
Seele: Just believe what you wanna believe, and stick to what you wanna hold on to, that’s enough.
Seele: (The hell am I talking about?!)
Kiana: …You’re the best, Seele!
Seele: Huh?
Kiana: I didn’t even say anything, yet you saw right through my worry and insecurity and comforted me. You’re so caring.
Kiana: Thank you, Seele!
Seele: …???
Cafeteria kitchen, Salt Lake Base.
Kiana: Principal Theresa! You’re here.
Theresa: Yeah. I was discussing with the doctors about our next move and missed the mealtime, so I came here.
Theresa: Were you looking for me?
Kiana: Yeah. I… wanna talk to you.
Theresa: What’s wrong? You’re so formal all of a sudden. What do you wanna talk about?
Kiana: It’s about… Sirin.
Theresa: Sirin…
Kiana: You met her during the 2nd Eruption, right?
Theresa: Yes… Till this day, I still feel sad that I couldn’t save that little girl.
Kiana: Even though she had chosen to become an enemy of humanity, you still wanted to save her?
Theresa: That child had done many horrible things. But it wasn’t her fault alone. No one ever guided her properly.
Theresa: It is the duty of adults to teach children to distinguish between right and wrong.
Theresa: She did bad things because she wasn’t taught well. It’d be irresponsible for me to simply blame everything on her.
Theresa: I often wonder… if I could’ve discovered the experiments in the Tower of Babylon earlier and transferred Sirin to St. Freya, maybe I could save her and avoid that disaster.
Theresa: But there are no ifs in this world. No one can change what’s already happened.
Kiana: Principal Theresa…
Theresa: We can only try our best to prevent repeats of such tragedies, which is also Cecilia’s wish.
Kiana: Mama… I mean, Cecilia?
Theresa: Cecilia was once trapped in an illusion created by Sirin. I don’t know what happened there, but Sirin only hesitated before her.
Theresa: I could tell from Cecilia’s eyes that she really wanted to save that child.
Theresa: Knowing her, I’d say she had never given up trying until the last moment. Even when she knew it was too late… she wouldn’t give up.
Theresa: She was just that kind of person. Once she had made up her mind, she’d follow through. Even if she’d get hurt, she wouldn’t lose her kindness.
Theresa: Her gentleness saved me, Siegfried, Shigure Kira, and many people… She was the serenely beautiful moonlight, bathing us in warmth and love.
Theresa: So, I believe in Cecilia’s choice. And I will pass on her love and kindness, always and forever.
Kiana: It’s such a heartwarming story.
Kiana: Thank you, Principal Theresa, for telling me all this.
Kiana: I will give it careful thought and make my own choice.
Theresa: Hoo… Telling all these recollections of the past makes me sad.
Theresa: I’m gonna make… a cup of Cecilia tea.
Meeting room, Salt Lake Base.
Tesla: UUUGGGHHH! Darn it!!
Einstein: Calm down, Dr. Tesla. The progress of investigation won’t increase along with the decibel level of your voice.
Kiana: What happened?
Einstein: Just some fallout from the puppet incident.
Kiana: What?
Tesla: Lemme tell her. After we destroyed those puppets, their hosts gradually returned to normal.
Tesla: Those people didn’t really establish close bonds with the Herrscher, so we can’t track them. We can only deduce from the investigation results…
Tesla: Reports of disappearances within the last two months, eye witness accounts about sudden personality changes, and unsolicited reports from some hosts themselves…
Tesla: We were surprised when we put these reports together… the total number was well over a thousand.
Kiana: What?! There are more than one thousand puppets?
Einstein: Don’t panic. There’s no need to jump to conclusions.
Tesla: We were shocked at first, but as we dug deeper, things turned out to be different than we thought they would be.
Tesla: Some of the disappearance reports and eyewitness accounts are about independent incidents unrelated to the puppets, which isn’t totally against our expectations.
Tesla: However, those unsolicited self reports appear to be suspicious. There were inconsistencies in some of the reports, and when I checked with the informants, they just said that they wrote it wrong.
Tesla: There’s even one informant who gave me three different versions of his story! Can you believe it?
Kiana: That means… some of those people were lying?
Tesla: Exactly! They heard some rumors that they wouldn’t need to take responsibility for bad things they did…
Tesla: …If they claimed they were affected by paranormal powers. So they made the best of this “opportunity”.
Tesla: They knew nothing about the puppets, so they just made up ridiculous stories… abducted by aliens, ingestion of poisonous mushrooms, possessed by evil spirits, etc.
Tesla: While most of those who were really affected by the puppets were mentally disturbed with messed up logic. They couldn’t explain what happened to them.
Tesla: So we had to deduce their experiences from their confusing narratives while eliminating those who were muddying the waters.
Tesla: Those bastards have severely hampered the investigation. Until now, we still couldn’t verify the real victimisation.
Einstein: Based on these facts, we decided to stick to the original conclusion that there are only 1000 puppets and hosts.
Kiana: Well… In a sense, this is a good thing, right?
Tesla: Why is that?
Kiana: The number of real victims didn’t rise, which means the disaster caused by the Herrscher of Domination already ended. That’s a relief.
Tesla: …Your way of thinking is really optimistic.
Kiana: Hehe, thanks~
Tesla: That wasn’t a compliment.
Einstein: Maybe you need to learn something from that kind of perspective, Dr. Tesla.
Tesla: No I don’t!
Kiana: OUCH!
Seele: So-Sorry! Did I hurt you?
Kiana: No… I’m okay. What are you doing standing behind the door?
Seele: I was looking for you and was told that you were in this meeting room, so I came, and just when I tried to knock on the door…
Seele: Anyway, did I say weird stuff to you earlier today?
Kiana: Weird stuff? No. Actually, I wanna thank you for the advice you gave me.
Seele: Phew… I was so worried. She wouldn’t tell me what happened.
Kiana: …?
Seele: I mean, you can talk to me whenever you need to!
Seele: You’re my friend, and I’m always happy to help a friend.
Kiana: Oh, okay! Thanks, Seele, you’re the best.
Seele: Hehe~
Kiana’s room, Salt Lake Base, late night.
Kiana: Oof! I’m exhausted.
Kiana: I had too much on my mind during training, and didn’t realise it was this late already.
Kiana: Maybe I should think of something less complicated…
Kiana: But everyone was so considerate. Even when I asked dumb questions, they didn’t laugh at me, but answered my questions seriously.
Kiana: They always care about me and help me in lots of ways. I’m so lucky…
Kiana: Thank you, thank you all…
*Clap*
Kiana: Who’s there?!
A sudden noise from outside the door woke her up from her light sleep.
Late nights had always been soundless in this deep underground base, which made the noise even more unnatural.
Kiana: This is strange, everyone should be asleep at the moment. Did something fall down?
*Rolling sound*
Something rolled on the floor. The monotonous and mechanical sound was untimely and eerie.
Kiana: …
She became alert and slowly moved her feet, moving noiselessly to the door.
Kiana: (There seems to be no breathing or hostility outside the door. But I’ve gotta stay vigilant and notify everyone the second I see any danger.)
She readied herself for attack, then jerked the door open.
…
Kiana: Why…
Kiana: This is…
Kiana: The Theater of Domination…?!


Gameplay 24-13 - Act 6, Scene 3:
Puppet: Hehe… Hehe!
Kiana: Who’s there?!
Puppet: Why ask a question when you know the answer? You’re finally here, Kiana! We’ve been waiting for you for ages!
Kiana: “We”...? Why…
Puppet: “Why is this puppet still here after we defeated them all?”, you must be dying to know why!
Puppet: Then come, come! Show me your determination!
Puppet: Hehehe!
Kiana: There are still puppets alive, and the Theater didn’t disappear either… No wonder the Herrscher of Reason’s power is still lost.
Kiana: But… why? Did some escape? Or are there more than a thousand of them?
Puppet: Hehe, you came, you came after me!
Puppet: We knew it… you’re the most qualified of them all!
Kiana: Qualified? What are you talking about?
Puppet: I know you, Kiana. You’re the heroine who saved our city! You’re the Herrscher of the Void!
Kiana: You were a resident of Arc City?!
Puppet: Yes, yes! We’ve met before! Hehe!
Puppet: You don’t remember me, but I’ve always wanted to see you again and thank you in person.
Puppet: Back then, I was just an ordinary schoolgirl living on the outskirts of Arc City. I never left there.
Puppet: But one day, monsters broke into my school and crushed my uneventful life.
Puppet: My school was reduced to rubble, and my friends, classmates and teachers were all buried underneath.
Puppet: I heard their cries for help getting fainter and fainter, but the only thing I could do was cry.
Puppet: “Maybe my life will end here too. No one will come to save us…” I thought so, slowly closing my eyes.
Puppet: Just then, you came.
Puppet: You patted my head with a smile on your face and told me, “It’s gonna be okay. You’re a brave girl. Someone will come to save you soon.”
Puppet: Your smile was assertive, warm, and beautiful, lighting up my world like sunshine.
Puppet: So I dried my tears, and summoned up the courage to stand up again.
Puppet: My school was ruined, but at least I survived.
Puppet: At that time, you brought me the light of hope, and made me believe things would get better.
Puppet: But I was wrong.
Puppet: I survived, as a target of resentment.
Puppet: All kids in the neighborhood went to the same school, and they all died except for me.
Puppet: All families in the neighborhood lost their loved ones in that disaster except for mine. They shared the pain and helped one another, excluding my parents.
Puppet: “Why are you the only survivor?” This voice grew bigger over time and eventually turned into hatred.
Puppet: No one was willing to provide us shelter, my parents couldn’t find any jobs, and even the post-disaster relief program postponed our application.
Puppet: The disaster didn’t bring us down, but our own kind did!
Puppet: Mum cried every day, and Dad, who used to be a hard-working man, became a grumpy alcoholic.
Puppet: One day, I heard his drunk muttering…
Puppet: “If only she had also died in that disaster.”
Puppet: Something in my heart broke at that moment.
Puppet: Then, a voice whispered in my ear…
Puppet: “Welcome to the Theater of Domination.”
Kiana: …
Puppet: I often think, if you didn’t save me, I wouldn’t have had to suffer all this, and my parents would have had better lives.
Puppet: Long after that, I heard about you again… you stopped that bomb and saved the city, which made my suffering continue.
Puppet: Your self-righteous heroic act brought me nothing but more pain!
Puppet: The vileness of humanity is far more horrible than disasters. This world wasn’t worth saving from the very beginning!
Puppet: If living is more painful than death, then why did you save me?
Puppet: If the future is darker than the present, why did you ask me to look into the light?
Puppet: If you think you’re a hero, then why did you save those bastards who tortured my parents and ruined their lives?
Puppet: Finally, I found the answer here.
Puppet: See, everyone in this theater is like this. No, everyone in this world is like this…
Puppet: Blind, impulsive, selfish, sad, unaware of what they want or should do. Everyone’s just a pathetic actor, a dumb puppet!
Puppet: I wanna thank you for throwing me on this stage of despair just to let me know…
Puppet: That I’m just like them… I’m also a despicable, ugly human!
Kiana: …No.
Kiana: You can’t fool me. You are the Herrscher of Domination, not a human. You amplify the negative emotions in these people and lure them into darkness.
Kiana: You’re just a puppet that poorly imitates the human mind, which is much more complicated than you think. And that girl… your host… is definitely not that weak!
Puppet: Hehe, whatever.
Puppet: It seems you still don’t know what you’ve gotten yourself into.
Puppet: Come, come. I have many more stories to tell you.
Kiana: I saved that child, but ended up putting her in a worse situation…
Kiana: My efforts brought nothing but more pain…
Puppet: Hehe, you caught up with me again! As a reward, I can answer one question for you. Just one!
Kiana: …
Kiana: Your host, that girl, is she still alive?
Puppet: Pfft, what a lame question.
Puppet: But I’ll answer it, because we are more honest than humans.
Puppet: “I” am still alive. But being ostracised by others and the resentment from my parents has been gnawing at my heart. Living feels worse than death.
Kiana: …
Puppet: It’s all your fault. You saved those bastards. They don’t deserve to live! You should’ve let that bomb blow them up!
Kiana: I wouldn’t do that. Even if you put me in that situation again, I still would choose to stop that disaster.
Puppet: Then you are no better than them! You’re their accomplice!
Kiana: They imposed their pain of losing their loved ones on the survivors. This is the evil part of the human heart.
Kiana: But you also said they comforted and supported one another, trying to get out of the shadow together. This is the goodness of the human heart.
Kiana: Good and evil coexist in everyone’s heart. It’s not a reason for me to give up saving them.
Puppet: Haha, what is this? You’re trying to defend yourself, aren’t you?
Puppet: Oh, right, because you yourself are the biggest evil!
Kiana: …
Puppet: Hehehe, we’ve talked too much about me. Let’s talk about you.
Puppet: What should I call you? Kiana? Test subject K423? Or… Sirin, the Herrscher of the Void?
Kiana: …! So your real target is…
Puppet: Bingo! Hehehe!
Puppet: You should have noticed that we can visit people who have the potential to become part of us.
Puppet: But she was so badly suppressed by you. We couldn’t get the string on you to invite her to our theater.
Puppet: So, we decided… no matter what the cost, we’ve gotta pull you into our theater!
Puppet: Each one of us is weak, but if we gather our strength, we can definitely find your weak point!
Puppet: We don’t care about your little traps and tricks, or the fact that you tried to blow up our theater.
Puppet: Because we’ve already won from the moment you entered this theater! Hehehehe!
Puppet: Come, come. Let’s choose a good location. It’s time to give this show a wrap!
Kiana: Was this all part of the Herrscher’s plan?
Kiana: No wonder they didn’t mind their deaths.
Kiana: There are more puppets…
Puppet: Hehe, you’re confused and upset, aren’t you? I know what’s on your mind, and I know it’s useless!
Puppet: The puppets are just puppets. You’ve never met the real Herrscher of Domination!
Puppet: Hmm, this place is great… it has a good view of the best show!
Puppet: Though it’s already the last scene! Hehehe!
Puppet: Oh, the actors can’t wait!
Kiana: Your real purpose is to stir Sirin’s mind and wake the Herrscher of the Void again.
Puppet: Yes, yes! Everyone must think the crisis is over, right? They can’t wait to go back to their normal life, huh?
Puppet: Anti-Entropy still has doubts about the whole thing, but they had to announce “the crisis has been lifted” under public pressure.
Puppet: So at a moment like this, if we make a comeback with the Herrscher of the Void…
Puppet: Guess what the humans will do to Anti-Entropy then? I remember Welt’s always been insisting… “Kiana Kaslana can control her power!”
Kiana: I won’t let that happen!
Puppet: Haha! But that was our old plan.
Puppet: During this operation, we noticed a bonus. Kiana…
Puppet: You might be more qualified to be one of us than Sirin.
Kiana: …?
Puppet: Come, come. Your trial has begun!
Puppet: Trial! Trial! Trial!
Puppet on the Judge Panel: Silence! Silence!
Puppet on the Judge Panel: The trial for admission of new members is now on! State your name!
Puppet in the Auditorium: I know, I know! Her name is Kiana Kaslana!
Calm Puppet: No, she’s not Kiana.
Excited Puppet: Hehehe! Poor little girl! She doesn’t even have a name!
Excited Puppet: But don’t worry, don’t worry. Everyone here is like you, we’re all losers like you!
Kiana: Don’t judge me by your standards.
Calm Puppet: Humph, who are you to look down on us?
Calm Puppet: We are puppets, and what are you? A clone with a Core installed?
Puppet in the Auditorium: Oh my goodness, you’re not human! You’re NOT!
Puppet on the Judge Panel: Silence! Silence!
Puppet on the Judge Panel: Newcomer, confess your crime!
Kiana: …
Puppet in the Auditorium: I know, I know! You cost a man named Siegfried everything!
Puppet in the Auditorium: He lost his daughter to save you, and raised you in spite of the pain you brought him. But you cut off his arm, and yet you call him Dad shamelessly!
Puppet in the Auditorium: You can’t control yourself but you refused to be locked up. You made all your friends homeless.
Puppet in the Auditorium: You always talk about “fighting for all that is beautiful in the world”, yet you killed your teacher!
Puppet in the Auditorium: You hurt your best friend. You were the reason that she had to go to such a dangerous place!
Puppet in the Auditorium: You’ve done so many so-called heroic acts, but there are fewer and fewer friends around you, and the world is getting worse!
Puppet in the Auditorium: You are evil and sinful, and the good things you’ve done can’t make up for your evil deeds at all!
Puppet in the Auditorium: Hehehe! We know! Your inner voice, your true thoughts, your deepest despair and pain! We know them all!
Puppet in the Auditorium: You know the taste of pain better than any of us, and you are the most suitable host in this world!
Puppet in the Auditorium: See yourself clearly, and face reality! Hahahahaha!
BANG!
Kiana: I’ve heard enough of your crap. Time to wrap up this ridiculous trial!
Kiana: You can’t confuse me. I won’t give in, or give up hope.
Puppet: Alas, we even played the memory of the 2nd Herrscher for you, yet you didn’t feel anything? Don’t you feel ashamed?
Kiana: I knew it was you. Sorry to let you down, but it didn’t work on me.
Kiana: I’m surrounded by people who trust me and support me. They’ve helped me know right from wrong. If you’re trying to mess with my mind with that, you’re making a fool of yourselves.
Puppet: Trust you? Support you? I think you mean indulge you and harbor you, right?
Puppet: They knew you were the Herrscher of the Void, the greatest threat to humanity, yet they risked their lives to keep you alive and protect you.
Puppet: But they have no right to do so.
Puppet: When Cecilia or Himeko were saving Sirin or you, had they thought about the rest of the world? Had they thought that countless people would have to live in fear because of you?
Puppet: No, they chose you… a bomb that could explode at any moment, an incurable sinner… over millions of innocent lives.
Puppet: And you call this “knowing right from wrong”? Bah, how selfish! It’s just a hypocrite’s sick narcissism!
Kiana: Enough!
Puppet: You’re mad. You don’t want me to judge your friends?
Puppet: Don’t get us wrong. We know you’ve been through a lot, so no matter what we say, you won’t change your mind.
Puppet: But we also know, you still have regrets and a hole in your heart.
Kiana: …?
Puppet: We know everything about you, your innermost thoughts, and the heavy cross you bear.
Puppet: You know it’s impossible for a mortal to survive in Imaginary Space, yet you keep lying to yourself.
Puppet: You know that besides Anti-Entropy, Schicksal and the World Serpent have also been searching for the Gem of Haste, but nothing’s been found.
Puppet: Deep down, you already know the truth. But you refuse to admit it. You lie to yourself and say “I will bring you back”.
Kiana: What…
Puppet: See? We haven’t even said who it is. You yourself obviously know very well!
Puppet: She is the frailest part of your heart, a wound that can never heal!
Puppet: You’d give anything to go back to that day and save her life… but you never can!
Puppet: Even though you say you won’t waver, when the truth’s right in front of you, can you still pretend not to see?
Puppet: When that moment comes, will you still believe those pretty words you say?
Puppet: You can’t do it, no! Because you’ve chosen a path of hypocrisy that is boring as hell, a path of stupidity with no end!
Puppet: Time for the climax of this show. Prepare for the exhilarating twist! We can’t wait to see the look on your face…
Puppet: …When your hopes shatter and turn into despair! Hehehe! Come, come! Let us see!


CG plays wherein the puppets, having surrounded Kiana, reveal the Gem of Haste in their possession:
Puppet: How about it? How about it?
Puppet: Familiar, no?
Puppet: Do you remember who held it?
Puppet: Do you know why it’s here?
Kiana: …The Gem of Haste?!
Puppet: That’s right, that’s right! Call out the answer aloud from deep in your heart!
Puppet: Himeko Murata is long dead!






































Chapter XXV
Set Tomorrow Ablaze


Act 1 - Climax:
Gameplay 25-1 - Act 7, Scene 1:
The alarm began to blare in the Salt Lake Base.
Alarm: All units, Level One battle stations! I repeat, Level One battle stations!
Bronya: What just happened?
Bronya: Another case of mechas losing control? Inside the base?
Fu Hua: Bronya! Great, you’re alright.
Bronya: Fu Hua, what happened?
Fu Hua: I don’t know. The base is in chaos and comm links aren’t working.
Bronya: What about the others?
Fu Hua: The doctors are trapped near the vault. The Principal and Mr. Yang sealed the hangars. Seele is helping with evacuation.
Fu Hua: I haven’t been able to talk to Kiana. Maybe she’s engaging the intruders now.
Bronya: Looks like we won’t be able to pinpoint the cause before the riot settles down.
Fu Hua: The priority is to join the two doctors. The vault keeps all the Cores from the Legion Herrscher. We can’t risk it.
Bronya: (...Somehow, it feels like something bad is going to happen.)
Bronya: (Maybe the Bronya is overthinking it.)
Bronya: This is… the Puppet Core!
Bronya: Isn’t this the puppets’ power?
Fu Hua: The puppets… How come?
Bronya: More enemies are coming… Are the mechas in the base all out of control?
Fu Hua: Looks like things are worse than we thought… We have to hurry!
Bronya: Dr. Tesla and Dr. Einstein.
Tesla: Thank god someone came for us!
Fu Hua: What happened? Why did the mechas in the base suddenly lose control?
Tesla: Beats me!
Tesla: See? Hundreds of Cores stored in the vault, now all gone! All gone!
Bronya: The Cores went missing?
Bronya rushed to the window and found the vault now vacant.
Einstein: To be more exact, they dissipated.
Einstein: When the alarm sounded, we were running MSA on the sample Cores, but the samples suddenly began to disintegrate.
Einstein: We knew something was amiss and rushed here to check the other Cores.
Einstein: But by the time we got here, all the Cores were gone.
Fu Hua: Could it be that some intruder broke in and stole them?
Einstein: We ruled out this possibility after examining the scene.
Einstein: No traces of breaking in, and all the storage units are intact… every sign says they vanished on their own.
Tesla: Then the mecha riot followed and we got trapped here! Hopelessly trapped in a small corner of our own base!
Fu Hua: We’ve got bad news too. The mechas are just like when they were controlled by the Herrscher. Even Puppet Cores were found.
Einstein: …
Seele: Bronya!
Bronya: Seele! Principal!
Theresa: Great, you’re all here.
Einstein: Miss Principal, how does it look outside?
Theresa: All berserk mechas have been squashed. All personnel evacuated into the shelter. No casualties, and the kids are fine too.
Theresa: But… have you seen Kiana?
Fu Hua: …No, I thought she was with you.
Bronya: Dr. Tesla, can you try to track her wristband?
Tesla: I am already… Huh?
Seele: “Signal lost”? Is the wristband broken?
Tesla: No way! I made it myself and it can pin down her location even if she’s on the moon!
Einstein: Unless, she’s now in some kind of fabricated space.
Fu Hua: Did she use her Herrscher powers and enter Imaginary Space?
Einstein: No, in that case, the signal would have spiked radically when she did so.
Bronya: But the pattern doesn’t match
Bronya: Kiana… maybe she…
They searched for Kiana throughout the base.
Fu Hua: I looked everywhere but didn’t find her.
Fu Hua: Yet I found this in her bedroom. It’s no larger than my palm, but it is indeed…
Seele: A puppet?!
Theresa: A puppet… in the base again?
Tesla: Hey, wait, don’t jump to conclusions yet!
Tesla: You’re not gonna say the Legion Herrscher’s been revived, right? We threw everything at it to make sure it died!
Alarm: Beep… Beep…
Tesla: What’s going on this time?
Tesla: …What?!
Windows kept popping up on the screen delivering visual feeds from all over the globe.
Bronya: These people are…?
Seele: They all look kind of odd.
Theresa: This one… suddenly pointed a kitchen knife at someone beside him while he was cooking.
Fu Hua: And this one stopped talking on stage in the middle of a speech as if possessed.
Seele: Looks like their souls were taken away…
Bronya: Wait, there are a few familiar faces.
Tesla: Of course they’re familiar! These are all identified puppet hosts and we’ve been watching them for weeks.
Tesla: But why? We saw them returning to their normal lives. Why did hundreds of them all lose their mind in the blink of an eye?
Einstein: …There seems to be only one logical explanation left, frustrating as it may be.
Einstein: …
Einstein: The 10th Herrscher… has returned.
Tesla: Hey! Mophead! How can you still keep your cool?! Did you know this whole time?
Einstein: No, I was surprised too. I’ve just always prepared myself for the worst when studying these Cores.
Seele: The worst?
Einstein: We claimed the new Herrscher was defeated to calm people down, and the Sovereign has been busy cleaning up the mess.
Einstein: But at the end of the day, we were only acting on a deduction without solid proof.
Einstein: The enemy never promised us that there were only 1000 individuals, and no more could be made. It was only a theory.
Einstein: We chose to believe this theory, and maybe the Legion Herrscher misdirected us on purpose.
Tesla: You’re saying… we set up a trap which was used by the enemy to trap us instead?
Tesla: But still, mathematically, the energy level of each Core equals a thousandth of a normal Herrscher Core, give or take.
Einstein: There are a lot of ways to trick us. Say if there were 1001 individuals, the difference would be nigh neglectable.
Einstein: And the energy level varies slightly from one Core to another, which further muddies the water.
Einstein: Or… it could be that the puppets are only accessories to the Herrscher, who remained in the dark until now.
Einstein: As long as there’s still one Core left, the Herrscher lives and all the puppets can be revived.
Bronya: Sacrificing a thousand individuals to create an opportunity for one…
Tesla: Is that really possible?
Fu Hua: The Legion Herrscher in the Previous Era were unable to come up with such strategies… but maybe they have evolved.
Bronya: Maybe the Legion Herrscher are the most humanlike of all.
Bronya: They stand no chance in confrontations, so they’ve gone to great lengths to distract us and cover up their true target.
Bronya: Their eyes have been on Kiana from the very beginning.
Seele: “The rusted tin glows. The children shout. The audience laughs. And lo! The odd eye pops out!”
Seele: That was written on the show ticket before the base attack, so the “odd eye” meant… Kiana?
Bronya: The Bronya agrees.
Bronya: At that time, only the Bronya and Seele were in the base. That’s why their plan didn’t work.
Seele: But that didn’t stop them. They’ve been waiting patiently for another chance since then.
Einstein: So when we put Kiana out as bait, they still came knowing it was a trap.
Einstein: They needed to stop us from transferring Kiana to the containment facility in the Arctic at all cost.
Einstein: When we had dropped our guard, they disarmed the EM barriers in the base with berserk mechas and reconnected to the Theater.
Bronya: They managed to put on the show they designed for earlier, and it all matches the puzzle on the show ticket.
Tesla: Makes me sick!
Fu Hua: So Kiana has been dragged into the Theater of Domination.
Einstein: Very likely.
Bronya: They’re tough to beat. They know their strengths and weaknesses well. We underestimated them.
Tesla: What do we do now? Beat them one by one and recover the Cores? Do we even have the time?
Fu Hua: Or lure the puppets into taking us to the Theater just like the last time?
Einstein: No.
Einstein: For two weeks they laid low to make us drop our guard, but we didn’t stand idle either during that period.
Einstein: This time, we’re still taking the fight to them.
Einstein: We’re entering the Theater of Domination on our own.


Gameplay 25-2 - Act 7, Scene 2:
Heliopolis HQ, Giza, Egypt.
A girl in black walked past all the people dressed in white suits and no one stopped her.
The researchers were only able to catch a glimpse of Dr. Cleo’s honored guest.
Jackal: To what do I owe the pleasure, Mei Raiden?
Mei: …
Jackal: Victor, I’ll speak privately with our guest.
The man in a black suit nodded and left the room.
Jackal: Don’t tell me yet. Let me guess.
Jackal: Are you finally ready to accept my “checkup”? Good decision… for you, for me, and for the whole world.
Jackal: Think about it, a Herrscher with a human mind… you’re night-and-day different from the unfledged others.
Mei: I’m not here for your nonsense.
Jackal: That’s sad. I meant every word I said.
Mei took out three cubic containers with golden rims and tossed them on the table.
Mei: The fire in the Benevento ancient city, the siren in Valencia, and the winged man in Cairo…
Mei: They’re all special individuals in the World Serpent database and you’re interested in them.
Jackal: Yes, these puppets have a curious behavioral pattern and act alone… could be influenced by their hosts or other sources.
Jackal: After all, there are a thousand of them and it’s only natural to see a few outliers.
Mei: Now they’re yours.
Inside each container, a crystalised Core with a strange color was floating.
Jackal: But not for free, right?
Mei: Three special individuals in exchange for your research on the Legion Herrscher.
Jackal: …
Mei: Do you take my offer or not?
Jackal: It’s an offer I can’t say no to.
Jackal gently turned the globe on the table and the door behind them shut down.
Jackal: Follow me.
Jackal: I believe you already know that the power of the Legion Herrscher lies in domination… seizing powers from other Herrschers.
Jackal: There are many of them. Each individual is weak, but they lurk in the dark and work together.
Mei: The 10th Herrscher in the Previous Era wasn’t capable of this.
Jackal: Clearly, they didn’t have Herrschers that fought the Honkai like you either.
Jackal: It’s as if they were born to counteract your existence, preying on Herrschers and taking their powers.
Mei: But something doesn’t add up.
Jackal: I’m listening.
Mei: If snatching Herrscher powers is their target, the World Serpent should be the first place they visit.
Mei: Apart from mine, the World Serpent keeps three Herrscher Cores, and infiltrating here wouldn’t be too hard for the puppets.
Mei: But they didn’t. Instead, they called me an “unexpected guest” when I entered the Theater by accident.
Mei: This doesn’t make sense.
Jackal: Good reasoning.
Mei: No need to be courteous.
Jackal: First, about Herrscher Cores.
Jackal: My theory is that the Legion Herrscher aims at the power rather than the Core itself.
Jackal: So in their eyes, a Herrscher Core with a proper vessel is more valuable.
Mei: Because a Core can’t unleash full Herrscher power without a vessel?
Jackal: Correct. It’s not totally worthless, but they’d certainly prefer the full package.
Mei: In that case, I should be targeted by them.
Mei: But they made no attempt on me. Even when I entered the Theater on my own, they didn’t seem to show much enthusiasm.
Mei: It was almost too obvious to me… that they were raising my alarm on purpose so that I’d avoid using my Herrscher power.
Mei: They were trying to cover up a fact.
Jackal: That they can’t take your Herrscher powers.
Jackal: There, your answer.
Mei: I suspected as much.
Jackal: For them, seizing Herrscher power is like wrestling. The stronger side will win and take everything from the loser.
Jackal: If, however, they pick the wrong target…
Jackal: And they lose in the power wrestling…
Mei: …
Jackal: I don’t know what will happen, but what they did has told us that they’re individually weak and not ready to take that risk.
Jackal: They know that you, a fully awakened Herrscher, may very likely beat them. They fear you, at least for now.
Mei: That’s why I’m here.
Mei: I can feel it. The Herrscher of Domination is still out there, and so is the Theater.
Mei: Puppets exchange information in real time among themselves, sharing senses, intel, and seized power.
Mei: The Legion Herrscher is like a complicated network linking all the individuals and the Theater together.
Mei: If so, we should be able to use the network to our advantage and visit the Theater before they grow even stronger.
Jackal: Mei Raiden, we may just hit it off.
The elevator stopped.
Jackal: Get in.
Mei: This is?
Jackal: Something that allows you to access the Legion Herrscher’s network. Exactly what you asked for.
Jackal: You’d better take a look yourself rather than listening to my explanation.
Jackal took a crystalised Core whose color had faded from the cabinet.
Jackal: Take a step back… Oh, sorry, it can’t hurt you.
Jackal began to operate the equipment skillfully.
Jackal: Raven said in the report that you were sent into the Theater after touching the little puppet toy, right?
Mei: Yes, and it was broken after we left the Theater.
Jackal: The touching must be a signal, and if we can somehow modify this form and send back the signal with recovered Cores…
Jackal: We might be able to open the gate to the Theater on our own.
With a snap, something in the air seemed to be burned and twisted.
Jackal: Did you see that?
Mei: A line flashed past.
Jackal: That was a spatial fissure, but it was weak and didn’t last.
Jackal: So I need more Cores like this.
Jackal pointed at the cubic box in her hand.
Jackal: As I said before, these special individuals act alone and don’t blend in. They’re the outliers of the group.
Jackal: That’s why they’re perfect for doing this without attracting unnecessary attention.
Mei: Will the three Cores I brought suffice?
Jackal: Give me two days and I can make it happen.
Mei: Too long.
Jackal: You have no idea. Achieving the desired fissure opening size, position, and duration… Everything takes time.
Mei: One day is all I’ve got.
Jackal: Are you listening to me…
Jackal: Huh?
Mei: …?
Jackal: Mei Raiden… do you think this Core is smaller than when you handed it to me?
As they spoke, the Core in the container shrank visibly.
Mei: …!
Jackal: The Core… is disappearing?!
Mei reacted faster to the situation than Jackal. She grasped the box in Jackal’s hand and put it on the lab bench.
Jackal: Hey, what are you doing?
Mei: Turn on the equipment, now!
Jackal: Are you crazy? This is the worst timing!
Mei: It’s our only chance. This console, right?
Jackal: You!
Mei: Sorry, I saw you do it and remembered.
Mei: Thank you for our assistance, Dr. Cleo.
*Snap*
Jackal: Hey!
Jackal: …
Jackal: …Your body is highly valuable lab material. Don’t damage it and bring it back in one piece.
Jackal: Ah, she’s lost her mind. A loose cannon with a cute face. That almost sums up all Herrschers of this generation.
Jackal: I guess it’s a different era now.
Mei: We did it!
Mei: This place looks different. Is this the outer edge of the Theater?
Puppet: Intruders! Intruders!
Puppet: Go away! Go away! You’re not welcome here!
Mei: I know. I came here because I’m not welcome.
Puppet: You’ve no right to be here! We have other guests to entertain. Stay out of our way!
Mei: Well, I’m here to stay in your way. You seem to be in a hurry to kick me away. Are you afraid of me?
Puppet: Afraid? Hahaha, you’re just an ignorant little girl who doesn’t have a mind of her own!
Puppet: Don’t push us into taking away your Herrscher power too!
Mei: I’d love to see you try.
Puppet: You’re so annoying! So annoying!
Puppet: Stop pestering us! Stop pestering us!
Mei: As we get closer to the Theater, more monsters and puppets are emerging.
Mei: It looks more like they’re stalling me rather than coming to fight me. Are there other people in the Theater?
Mei: Could it be…
Puppet: Hehe, judging by the look on your face, I bet you know something’s wrong. Wanna know who it is?
Puppet: Nah, we’re not telling you!
Puppet: Unless, of course, you surrender your Herrscher power to us!
Puppet: This way, we can gather the powers from her two besties and give her a big, big surprise!
Mei: …Kiana!
Puppet: Oh, you guessed it!
Puppet: Ah, it was me who gave it away!
Puppet: But it doesn’t matter. You’re late to the party.
Puppet: She’s onstage now, and you belong to the auditorium. You can’t do anything about it!
Puppet: After all, she’s the one you care about the most. You care so much about her that you’ve lost yourself. Hahaha!
Puppet: She’s the entirety of your world. Without her, you’re nothing!
Puppet: But what good has that done? At the end of the day, she still walked into a death trap and what did you do to stop it?
Puppet: You took a path paved by someone else and gave up everything in exchange for a few weeks of her life.
Puppet: You could have stayed. If you didn’t leave her, you’d probably be with her at her last moment. Hahaha!
Puppet: Splend. Just splendid. Isn’t this what you’ve been wishing for?
Mei: Humph.
Mei: Is that the worst you can do? I’m not impressed.
Puppet: What?
Mei: I think you got something wrong from the get-go.
Mei: We’ve come a long way, she and I. Without me, she can still stay strong. Without her, I can still press on with sure feet.
Mei: Because we understand each other. I know what her decisions would be, and it’s the same way around.
Mei: And none of this is going to be changed by how far we’re apart or how different our positions are.
Mei: We believe in each other, and that’s why we can carry on with our respective choices.
Mei: We parted ways so that we may change the undesirable situation using our own methods.
Mei: …Our paths will one day cross again.
Mei: And I only need to stay in my best form and prepare for the coming of that day.
Puppet: Don’t lie to yourself! If I remember correctly, that parting was pretty nasty!
Mei: Yes, it was done in a hurry and neither of us were fully prepared. Looking back now, we could have done it better.
Mei: But either way, it was still necessary at that moment, otherwise I wouldn’t be standing here to witness your end.
Mei: The way I see it, you know too little about Kiana and the Hyperion crew…
Mei: And you know nothing about me!
Puppet: This is different from what the intel said.
Puppet: Is our intel false?
Mei: Nope, just outdated.
Mei: Were you so scared that you didn’t even sneak into the World Serpent to pry?
Puppet: You said you didn’t need to be around her, so why did you come for her?
Mei: Obviously, you wanted something from her, so I came to get in your way.
Puppet: Damn you! Don’t you feel ashamed trampling a weaker Herrscher under your foot?
Mei: No.
Puppet: That’s very brazen of you!
Puppet: Never mind, our legion wisdom will always find a way!
Puppet: For the common goal, sacrifice can’t be avoided. Every one of us is ready for it.
Puppet: This is… our way!
Mei: What?
Puppet: Just like a gecko, we won’t hesitate to bite off our own tail to survive.
Puppet: We’ve cut this platform off from the Theater. Guess you’ll have to drift back to reality.
Puppet: No matter how powerful you are, you can’t possibly reach her now! Hahaha!
Mei: Cheap tricks!
Puppet: Thanks for the compliment!
Mei: Well, I hope you’re prepared to pay the price then.
Puppet: Oh, she’s mad! Mad!
Mei: (There’s no other way. I have to unleash my full strength and try to break through.)
Mei: (There might only be one chance. I need to time it perfectly!)
Puppet: Your attack is pointless now!
Puppet: Though it could still hurt.
Puppet: So, if you insist on fighting, we will have to play our trump card.
Mei: Trump card?
Puppet: Hehe! Hehehe!
Puppet: Stay tuned! Stay tuned!


Gameplay 25-3 - Act 7, Scene 3:
Tesla: Enter the Theater of Domination on our own?
Bronya: Is that possible?
Einstein: Seele, help me explain.
Seele: Oh, okay!
Seele: In fact, Dr. Einstein came to me and talked about this after Bronya and I escaped from the Theater.
Seele: She wanted to work out a way to get into the Theater based on how I got away from it.
Einstein: It remained a concern that we didn’t know the exact location of the Theater even though we defeated the Legion Herrscher.
Einstein: We found that unlike the Herrscher of the Void, the Legion Herrscher couldn’t just open a portal to the Theater freely.
Seele: They rely on a beacon in the real world to do that. It’s like… putting down a pin on a map?
Einstein: The puppets found at the crime scenes are exactly that. The Cores inside them connect the real world to the Theater.
Einstein: We can use the puppet we just found as a base point and reverse engineer a conduit leading us into the Theater.
Tesla: That requires tons of data and calculation, but we don’t have that much time!
Einstein: So we’ll have to take the risk and cut some corners now.
Seele: I’ve been there three times, and left there on my own twice. Maybe I can help the doctors locate the Theater.
Tesla: Seele, are you sure?
Seele: No, but I’d like to try.
Einstein: There might be other individuals under influence in the base now. We must act fast. This is the most promising plan yet.
Tesla: We’re running out of ideas. Okay, let’s do this!
Seele: Phew…
Seele: (I’ll have to ask you for another favor now. After all, it was you who helped us escape that place twice.)
Seele: (Let’s work together and save Kiana!)
Seele: Huh?
Seele: …???
Seele: (Ah… she’s getting used to bossing me around now.)
Seele: (Never mind, I’ll play along this time since it’s urgent.)
Seele: (When this is over, we’ll have to talk about this favor!)
Seele: What do I need to do? Wear this helmet?
Seele: I don’t know how to play these machines. I can only help you rule out some wrong options based on my instincts.
Einstein: Yes, that would be enough.
Seele: Okey dokey.
Tesla: Found it!
Tesla: Link it to our current coordinates. Vector and superpose…
With a sharp cracking sound, the space was ripped apart and a fissure appeared.
Tesla: We did it!
Bronya: It’s leading to the Theater.
Bronya exchanged a look with Theresa before she approached the fissure and reached out her hand. She disappeared.
Theresa: How does it look?
Bronya: We’re in position. Just like previous entries, this is the Theater of Domination.
Bronya: But the passage is unstable and only one can get through at a time.
Fu Hua: I’ll be the next.
Fu Hua walked to the fissure and prepared to enter.
But the instant her hand touched the fissure, she was pulled in by a mighty force.
Fu Hua: Huh?
Theresa: Fu Hua?
An invisible force pushed Theresa away from the fissure.
Then the fissure twisted and faded into nothing.
Einstein: What happened?
Seele: Damn these puppets!
Seele: Our intrusion was found and they shut the portal from inside to keep us out.
Seele: They weren’t this smart the last time. Maybe something happened just now and made them skittish.
Tesla: Hey, wait!
Tesla: Mophead, come here! Something’s wrong!
Tesla: The vitals of all the puppet hosts we’re watching are going down!
Tesla: They fell into a coma at the same time. That can’t be normal.
Tesla: What’s going on? What does the 10th Herrscher plan to do?
Einstein: Riots caused by puppets are also rising from everywhere. Looks like they’re desperate.
Theresa: …
Theresa: Seele, tell Roza, Lili, and everyone who can still fight that we’ve got to move out now!
Seele: Ah… but Bronya and Fu Hua are still in the Theater…
Theresa: …The fissure has closed, and the only thing we can do is trust them.
Theresa: Bronya and Fu Hua will find Kiana. When they return safely, we’ll make sure they can see that the real world is still alright.
Theresa: Leave this place to the doctors. We’ve got our own job!
Seele: …
Seele: …Understood!
Bronya: The fissure suddenly disappeared, and we’ve lost contact with the doctors.
Fu Hua: The enemy may have found out our intentions. We must hurry ahead and find Kiana.
Bronya: Yes. Project Bunny is tracking Kiana’s wristband now.
Bronya: Found her! Kiana is in the Theater.
Bronya: It’s a complicated structure and without a map, Project Bunny can only point the way roughly.
Fu Hua: It’s okay. We’ll just head in that direction.
Bronya: Hmm? I’ve never met any enemy like these before…
Fu Hua: Be careful, they are not like those manipulated ones.
Fu Hua: There’s something even stranger about them…
Fu Hua: Is it an illusion? The stairs… seem to be extending without an end.
Bronya: It’s not an illusion. The space is expanding. Is the owner of this theater trying to trap us here?
Fu Hua: Should we look for other exits?
Bronya: No. We keep moving.
Puppet: You’re walking in circles. Aren’t you tired?!
Puppet: Why don’t you stop? What you’re doing is pointless.
Bronya: So creating these infinite stairs did impose a great burden on you, right?
Bronya: You’re after Kiana. You trapped us here so we couldn’t get in your way, but we don’t have your full attention.
Bronya: That’s why you created these same-looking stairs to exhaust us and make us feel like we were running in circles. Is the Bronya right?
Bronya: The Herrscher of Reason is never about the power. It’s a faith, a conviction.
Broyna: The Bronya fears you’d never understand it.
Puppet: Ah, yes, yes. We’re not as good as you, you’re better than us… is this what you’re trying to say?
Puppet: But we, whom you despise, can do wonderful things! Doesn’t matter what means we use, we’ll seize victory!
Fu Hua: Those people are…
Puppet: Haha, that’s me! That’s us! We linked ourselves to our “other halves”!
Puppet: It makes us slow, but I guess you’d be even slower now.
Bronya: You’re sick!
Puppet: It’s alright. Come on. Kill me, I beg you!
Puppet: We’re all very weak, so it couldn’t be easier! Just one hit, boom, and we’re gone!
Bronya: …
Fu Hua: …
Puppet: Why? Why stop attacking us? You can’t put us down just by defending.
Puppet: Ain’t you gonna save your friend? Just kill me. Come on!
Puppet: Before, we had to follow the plan and suck it up. I was sick of it! Now, I just love the looks on your faces!
Puppet: Oh, the meekness of the hypocrites. Pathetic! Laughable!
Puppet: As long as there are still hostages on my side, your hands are tied and you can only watch your friend die! Hahaha!
Puppet: Poor Kiana. She has been abandoned by her dearest friends!
Fu Hua: Bronya, any ideas?
Bronya: We wait out this wave and look for an opening.
Fu Hua: A patience test? That’s my forte.
Bronya: The Bronya’s, too.
Fu Hua: It’s been a long while since I last trusted someone else with my back in a fight.
Bronya: Doesn’t feel bad, right?
Fu Hua: No, not at all.
Bronya: Kiana must be fighting on her own now. Let’s break through and find her.
Fu Hua: Yes, let us do that.
Bronya: We’re coming for you, Kiana!


Gameplay 25-4 - Act 7, Scene 4:
Puppet: Familiar, no?
Puppet: Do you remember who held it? Do you know why it’s here?
Kiana: …The Gem of Haste?!
Puppet: That’s right, that’s right! Call out the answer aloud from deep in your heart!
Puppet: Himeko Murata is long dead!
Kiana: …
Puppet: …
Puppet: Hey, are you deaf or what?
Puppet: Or has your brain just stopped processing anything because you’re in despair?
Puppet: Himeko Murata is dead. Dead! You hear me?
Kiana: …
Puppet: …?
Puppet: No reaction at all? Hey, you’re a cold-blooded animal!
Kiana: Then what do you expect me to do?
Kiana: Collapse to the ground and keep crying out “This isn’t real”?
Kiana: Or become demented and begin to hurt myself just to feel better?
Kiana: If so, I’m afraid you’d be disappointed.
Puppet: It… shouldn’t be this way.
Puppet: …Oh, I see. You’re still playing tough and rejecting reality.
Puppet: You think we’re lying? That the Gem is fake? Trying to act calm as if nothing had happened?
Puppet: Well, you’re going to find out whether this Gem is the real deal or not.
Puppet: Hahahaha, don’t run, don’t hide! This is the same power that your beloved teacher had used!
Puppet: You know, when we first found this Gem, it was drifting alone in Imaginary Space.
Puppet: How strange… isn’t it supposed to be embedded in that vermilion armor? Isn’t it supposed to be worn by her? Where is she?
Puppet: …Who knows! Hahahahaha!
Puppet: You knew it all along… she died that day! YOU killed her!
Puppet: She was already terminally ill. Even without that fight, she wouldn’t have been able to survive!
Puppet: She was only a mortal. There was no way she could escape Imaginary Space. She couldn’t even maintain her existence!
Puppet: But you refuse to accept all this!
Puppet: You still fantasise about someone saving her, that some miracle would happen so that you could make up for your sins!
Puppet: How come… This is so strange. It shouldn’t be like this, it shouldn’t be like this!
Puppet: This Gem’s supposed to be more powerful…
Kiana: Now!


CG plays wherein Kiana springs a trap on the puppet, taking the Gem of Haste from it as a result:
Puppet: O where have they gone?
Puppet: Where have our esteemed guests gone?
Kiana: I don’t know what you want to get out of me.
Kiana: But I know what Miss Himeko would want me to do.


Puppet: Snatched! Stolen!
Puppet: A thief that won’t stop preaching justice!
Puppet: Burglar! Crook! Death sentence!
Puppet: …
Puppet: Never mind, you can have the Gem since you want it so much.
Puppet: But not without a price!
Kiana: What?!
Puppet: After all, you’ve refused to join us.
Puppet: A great pity it is. You leave us no choice but to invite the other guest on stage.
Puppet: She was our target at the very beginning, but liberating her hasn’t been easy.
Puppet: And that’s all because of you! You!
Puppet: You talk tough and act tough, but you can’t lie to yourself.
Puppet: The moment we took out the Gem, I heard your heart and your soul crying out loud.
Puppet: She wouldn’t let this opportunity pass by, would she?
Kiana: …!
Puppet: A few years back, the Schicksal Overseer… didn’t he do the same thing to you?
Puppet: Wake her up and stuff a Gem in your hand. We all know how that story ended.
Puppet: And tonight, we’re going to restage this classic show.
Puppet: Alright, alright, your part is done and off the stage you go.
Puppet: Now, give a round of applause for the star of our next show!
Puppet: Welcome, the Herrscher of the Void, Miss Sirin!


CG plays wherein the Herrscher of the Void wakes from within Kiana once more and seizes control of her body:
Kiana: …This is!
Kiana: The Herrscher of the Void!
Herrscher of the Void: Correct.


Gameplay 25-5 - Act 8, Scene 1:
Kiana: Where… am I?
Kiana: Am I still in the Theater?
Kiana: But… there are no puppets here.
Kiana: I remember before I went unconscious, I…
Kiana: The Herrscher of the Void…
Kiana: Hmm? There’s something in the mirror…


CG plays wherein Kiana walks up to the mirror, a reflection of Sirin staring back at her before cracking and revealing both Kiana and the Herrscher of the Void in its place.


Kiana: …
Kiana: …I knew it.
Herrscher of the Void: I can see you’re not surprised.


CG plays wherein the Herrscher of the Void appears before Kiana in this strange space.


Kiana: The Herrscher of the Void…
Herrscher of the Void: It’s been a long time, my vessel.
Kiana: I’m not your vessel.
Herrscher of the Void: The last time we met was in Arc City, right? And the way you struggle hasn’t changed one bit.
Herrscher of the Void: Kiana, you kept running, but there was no escape. In the end, you gave in to your pains and knelt before me.
Kiana: I’m not who I was then and I won’t submit to you.
Herrscher of the Void: Haha, how very smooth. But if you’re as steadfast as you claimed, why would I be here and taking control?
Herrscher of the Void: You’re afraid to face me and you deny my existence. You tried to bury me deep within.
Herrscher of the Void: But you failed, miserably.
Herrscher of the Void: My shackles were shattered and no one can stand in my way. Everything you did to lock me up is down the drain.
Kiana: …Why would you help the Legion Herrscher?
Herrscher of the Void: Help?
Herrscher of the Void: Haha, it shames me even to be mentioned with these headless puppets.
Herrscher of the Void: They’re hopeless losers, pathetic vermin. They talk in riddles and reek of loser’s stink just like you.
Herrscher of the Void: They came to me uninvited and boasted about liberating me like a circus of clowns.
Herrscher of the Void: But still, I gave them a chance and enjoyed the farce they put on… I didn’t really expect them to bring you to me.
Herrscher of the Void: Truth be told, you’ve disappointed me. As my vessel, you were played by them and fell for their trap.
Kiana: …
Herrscher of the Void: Alright, enough said. I hope you’ve made good use of your last days.
Herrscher of the Void: Come, Kiana.
Herrscher of the Void: This is the stage for us. The final stage.
Herrscher of the Void: Submit to me without pain…
Herrscher of the Void: This is your fate, and there is no escape.
Herrscher of the Void: …Why?
Kiana: …
Herrscher of the Void: I don’t like your attitude at all.
Herrscher of the Void: I freed you from your shackles and took over the Cores.
Herrscher of the Void: It’s that day all over again. Before long, I shall replace you and claim the body in full.
Herrscher of the Void: And you will be squashed, crushed, and cast into the great void. Your existence will soon become history.
Herrscher of the Void: But why are you not even remotely nervous, afraid, or desperate?
Kiana: …I knew this day would come.
Herrscher of the Void: …?
Kiana: No seal is permanent. It only stalled the resolution.
Kiana: Between you and me, a final battle has always been inevitable.
Kiana: We’re incompatible like ice and fire. No compromise is possible.
Kiana: There’s no room for reconciliation, so this is how we settle it: the winner stays and the loser disappears.
Herrscher of the Void: You still think you have a chance?
Herrscher of the Void: You never did. Your painful memories and heavy shackles are dragging you down. The more you struggle, the faster you sink.
Herrscher of the Void: This body is a vessel, and the soul inside is too heavy for you to carry.
Herrscher of the Void: But me… I’m only here to reclaim what’s rightfully mine.
Kiana: …Back in Arc City, you said I could never get rid of you.
Kiana: I’ve been thinking about this every day since then. I ask myself two questions: who are you? And who am I?
Herrscher of the Void: I’m not interested in your philosophical self-discovery. I’m Sirin, the Herrscher of the Void, and you’re subject K423.
Herrscher of the Void: So you tell yourself everything bad that’s happened was done by me, the Herrscher, and none of it was your fault, right?
Kiana: No.
Kiana: There’s a fact that I’ve been running away from before. Only by embracing it can I fill my inner hole and face up to you.
Kiana: …
Kiana: You are me, and we’re two sides of the same coin, two egos born of Sirin’s deepest wishes.
Kiana: You and me… we’re both extensions of Sirin.


Gameplay 25-6 - Act 8, Scene 2:
Herrscher of the Void: …
Herrscher of the Void: Hahaha, do you even hear yourself?
Herrscher of the Void: Now you’re calling yourself Sirin? Has that cute little brain of yours burned out?
Herrscher of the Void: So you think you’re Sirin, right? I’d love to see you fulfill her wish and destroy this world.
Kiana: You’re trying to do the same thing to me again.
Kiana: You unleash your evil and hatred in the name of Sirin, robbing me of my true identity.
Kiana: But you can’t speak for Sirin. Her dreams have dark, violent tides, but also peaceful and warm glows.
Kiana: Complicated and even contradictory emotions converged in her heart, but you, you just want me to see the dark side.
Herrscher of the Void: You think you know her now that you’ve caught a glimpse of her memories? Okay, let’s talk.
Herrscher of the Void: Hope, trust… people put these good words on their lips when they’re lying all the time.
Herrscher of the Void: It was in the name of hope that the researchers took Sirin away, locked her up, and pushed her into hell.
Herrscher of the Void: The seeds of hatred were planted at that time and ever since then, Sirin was unable to stomach any more lies from humans.
Kiana: But it was also there that she met Avrora, Agata, and Bella.
Kiana: Friends Sirin made in the lab and names she kept whispering in her final moment.
Kiana: She never forgot them. The Honkai ripped her heart apart but it couldn’t take away the memories of them.
Kiana: Every time she thought of these names, fondness and sorrow filled her heart. She longed to reunite with them till the very end.
Herrscher of the Void: But it was also humans who took them away from her.
Herrscher of the Void: Those kids became disposable test subjects. They died in vain, and even the Herrscher of Death couldn’t revive them.
Herrscher of the Void: Deprived of everything precious in her life, Sirin was left with revenge only. She cleansed the living hell with blood.
Herrscher of the Void: In the tower there were innocent people, but she inflicted pain indiscriminately. She no longer considered herself human.
Kiana: Even then, there were people who didn’t give up on her and wanted to save her.
Herrscher of the Void: You mean Theresa? Her pretty and impractical talk could never have helped Sirin.
Herrscher of the Void: Or Siegfried? He was a coward, hesitant and indecisive. He accomplished nothing. No, he shouldn’t even be mentioned.
Herrscher of the Void: As for Cecilia…
Herrscher of the Void: She did feel for Sirin, but love never prevails against hate. In the end, she had to resort to violence.
Herrscher of the Void: They murdered Sirin together… those people who in your eyes tried to save her. Their kindness and care were only a joke.
Kiana: No matter what you say, memories of them were kept in Sirin’s heart.
Herrscher of the Void: …
Kiana: In the darkness, Sirin had the same dreams over and over again. The kindness that you so despise was the only light in her dreams.
Kiana: She longed for a second chance to live as a normal girl with friends and a loving family.
Kiana: She longed for fatherly and motherly love. She wanted to hear Cecilia’s voice and feel her warm embrace again.
Kiana: She longed for hope and happiness. She kept whispering those loving words Cecilia said to her.
Kiana: All of this was engraved onto the Herrscher Core and transcended time to pass her final prayers to a new life.
Kiana: …That’s how I came to be.
Herrscher of the Void: …
Kiana: I’m the second chance Sirin had longed for. Your world is either black or white, but the human heart is not that simple.
Kiana: We’re two souls born of Sirin’s wishes, two branches from the same tree reaching for different directions.
Kiana: We share her memory and emotions, but we trod on different paths.
Kiana: I don’t know what led you astray… the suffering in the lab, the enchantment of the Honkai, or the hate from being sealed?
Kiana: These broken memory fragments make sweet dreams for me, but to you, they’re burning curses.
Herrscher of the Void: …Even the same memory can be different views in different eyes.
Kiana: That’s true.
Herrscher of the Void: I don’t know who you are, nor do I care. I came to this world to bring death and destruction.
Herrscher of the Void: Humanity was responsible for Sirin’s sufferings and therefore must face her wrath. No one can escape this vortex.
Kiana: The chains of hate have no end. You’re just creating more pain like the humans you so abhor.
Herrscher of the Void: But you can’t stop me.
Herrscher of the Void: Your family, teachers, friends… how many have been dragged into this never-ending nightmare because of you?
Herrscher of the Void: They drifted away, lost their homes or even lives, and you could only watch it happen.
Herrscher of the Void: Oh right, and this little fellow.
Kiana: Benares?!
Herrscher of the Void: Don’t tell me you don’t remember her.
Herrscher of the Void: She died for you!
Herrscher of the Void: So what if you’re Sirin too?
Herrscher of the Void: The strength of your mind and desire is no match for mine. See? The Core still chose me!
Kiana: Huff… huff…
Herrscher of the Void: Why don’t you give it the final blow? You’ve killed it once, so why not twice?
Kiana: It’s just an illusion you created.
Kiana: Looks like we’re not in the Theater of Domination. This is our shared sentience space.
Kiana: If so, I can do the same thing.
Herrscher of the Void: What tricks do you plan to play?
Kiana: All this time, it wasn’t the Herrscher Cores that rejected me. It was the other way around. I feared echoes from the past.
Kiana: I thought I was ready to face that fact, but my heart kept running away from the truth.
Kiana: But the running away ends today.
Kiana: I’ll face up to the past that I’d rather turn away from… the memories I kept away and the life shared with you.
Kiana: I’ll overcome these and accept the real me.


Gameplay 25-7 - Act 8, Scene 3:
Kiana: Cloning vats… K423…
Kiana: Yes, this is the place.
Kiana: This is… my origin. Our origin.
Kiana: At her last moment, Sirin prayed hard for a second chance and a fresh start.
Kiana: It was this wish that gave birth to both of us.
Herrscher of the Void: Laughable. Let me remind you this was one of Otto’s filthy and selfish schemes.
Herrscher of the Void: Poor Sirin didn’t find peace even after death. Humans took her remains, fought for her Cores, and turned her into lab data.
Herrscher of the Void: Otto created you and me only for his nasty desires. To achieve his goal, he played everyone around you like a fiddle.
Kiana: But there were many who tried to stop the tragedy from happening again.
Kiana: And their choices made the first difference.
Girl: Dad, she looks just like me!
Man: Hush, don’t let the guards find us.
Girl: Where will she go after we save her?
Man: People at Anti-Entropy will take care of her.
Girl: Can she go with us?
Man: …You can visit her.
Girl: Then what should I call her? Does she have a name? We look just alike, so can she be my baby sister?
Man: …I don’t know.
Herrscher of the Void: Siegfried again. To save you, the knockoff, he lost his real daughter.
Herrscher of the Void: What irony. He had everything and a happy life until Sirin and you took away his most loved ones.
Kiana: This memory shamed me and I always wanted to deny its existence. This gave you opportunities to break free.
Kiana: But their kindness shouldn’t be forgotten, and I don’t want to forget.
Kiana: I’m K423, a test subject made by Schicksal. I was a blank slate and I knew nothing about the world.
Kiana: But the decisions they made to risk their lives and save me were the beginnings of how I became accepted as a human.
Kiana: This is where it all started.
Herrscher of the Void: Humph. I see you’ve got a soft spot for this glass tank. How about I make it your grave?
Herrscher of the Void: Now that you’ve mentioned your birth, let’s see how the story went afterward.
Herrscher of the Void: Ah, what a nostalgic view.
Herrscher of the Void: Remember this place? East Siberia back in 2010… where my first awakening happened.
Herrscher of the Void: Siegfried refused to surrender you after losing his daughter and kept you here for a long time.
Herrscher of the Void: Anti-Entropy was looking for you, and so was Schicksal. They sent an assault squad and unfortunately, you were found.
Herrscher of the Void: What happened next has been haunting you til today, right?
Kiana: You lurked inside me and fed on my loneliness and fear. At my most vulnerable moment, you broke free and took my body.
Herrscher of the Void: I killed them all.
Herrscher of the Void: Those Valkyries were so annoying, so I took their lives.
Herrscher of the Void: The squad leader could have got me, but she hesitated when she found out you were a kid. That hesitation cost her life.
Herrscher of the Void: And your dear daddy… he killed Bella and Sirin, so I hacked his arm off and watched him burn in his own flames.
Herrscher of the Void: He could have killed us both, and he didn’t and couldn’t, because you were a shadow of his precious little girl.
Herrscher of the Void: You were the reason why it all happened. Aren’t you ashamed? Peace? Happiness? Love? You don’t deserve any.
Herrscher of the Void: You’re a harbinger of tragedies, and what went down on this snowfield is solid proof.
Herrscher of the Void: Start over? I thought you were less naive than this.
Herrscher of the Void: The world only has hostility to you, because your very existence is a threat to the world!
Kiana: Dad…
Kiana: Dad… you’re hurt… you’re hurt!
Kiana: Your left arm is gone! What happened? Who did this to you?
Siegfried: It’s okay, Kiana. I’m alright.
Kiana: But you’re bleeding a lot! Your wound…
Siegfried: Kiana, that’s alright. Listen to me.
Siegfried: Sorry, Daddy won’t be able to keep his word and watch you grow up, but remember, Daddy always loves you.
Kiana: Dad, what are you talking about?
Siegfried: Don’t worry about me. Daddy is gonna be alright, and you’re gonna be safe. Forgive me, Kiana…
Kiana: Where are you going? No, don’t leave me!
Siegfried: Kiana, you promised me something, remember? We Kaslanas fight to protect and stop at nothing.
Siegfried: I believe you’ll do a better job than me. You won’t lose to her. Never.
Siegfried: Because… you’re my daughter.
Kiana: …In his eyes, I was always his daughter.
Kiana: He knew you were inside me, but he gave me my name, taught me how to fight, and told me to protect the people I hold dear.
Kiana: Even his leaving was to protect me… you hate his guts and he knew he’d be the trigger for your awakening sooner or later.
Kiana: So he left me to friends and watched over me from the dark. Looking back, he took good care of me when I began to drift.
Kiana: Then I met Bronya and Mei. Together we went to St. Freya and met Theresa, Fu Hua, and Miss Himeko. We vowed to fight for the world.
Kiana: Without Dad, I couldn’t have come this far.
Kiana: I made a promise to him, and I mean to keep it. I’m not losing to you.
Herrscher of the Void: Funny you should mention St. Freya. Isn’t it you who razed it to the ground?
Herrscher of the Void: Yeah, it’s time we came to this part. Your worst memory, the truth you can never face up to.
Herrscher of the Void: Remember this place? Oh, I don’t believe you could possibly forget.
Herrscher of the Void: She is going to die again in ten minutes.
Kiana: …
Herrscher of the Void: You’ve been avoiding this topic all along. When you were facing the puppets, and even now.
Herrscher of the Void: But you know full well… I did kill her back then.
Herrscher of the Void: Ah, an idea suddenly hit me. If she gets hurt here, she won’t be able to confront me and die. That’ll make you happy, no?
Kiana: …?!
Herrscher of the Void: Oh, I’m such a warmhearted girl~
Kiana: I won’t let that happen!
Herrscher of the Void: Ah, just a piece of memory that changes nothing. Why so serious?
Herrscher of the Void: Thanks to you, she’s marching to her final battle to burn herself up and die her meaningless death as a failure.
Kiana: Miss Himeko… was not a failure!
Herrscher of the Void: Enlighten me then. What did her death accomplish?
Herrscher of the Void: After she died, St. Freya fell apart and became history.
Herrscher of the Void: Mei Raiden has turned her back against you, and it’s only a matter of time for you and Bronya to part ways.
Kiana: No. They saved me. Miss Himeko saved me.
Herrscher of the Void: She cursed you.
Herrscher of the Void: You were given a chance to end it all, weren’t you?
Herrscher of the Void: That day, you knelt down in the flames of Arc City and raised that gun to end us both.
Herrscher of the Void: You could have pulled the trigger, but you didn’t.
Herrscher of the Void: Because you wanted to live. Because that woman wanted you to live… with a lifetime of self-blame and remorse!
Herrscher of the Void: That’s why you can never get rid of me.
Herrscher of the Void: She saved you and cursed you at the same time. A deep wound that can never heal. A giant hole that can never be filled.
Kiana: …
Herrscher of the Void: That’s her obsession.
Flames rose and condensed into a blood-red gem.
Herrscher of the Void: I think it’s time to end this now.


Gameplay 25-8 - Act 8, Scene 4:
Herrscher of the Void: The Gem of Haste. I miss how it feels in my hand.
Herrscher of the Void: Sirin had six gems, and now only half of them are left. But it doesn’t matter. I’ll reclaim them all.
Kiana: Not happening.
Herrscher of the Void: You can’t stop me.
Herrscher of the Void: Let me tell you something interesting.
Herrscher of the Void: Remember the leader of the assault squad I slew in the memory I just showed you?
Kiana: …?
Herrscher of the Void: Her name is Ragna. A Schicksal instructor… and Himeko’s mentor.
Kiana: What?!
Herrscher of the Void: You killed her and destroyed the assault squad. Only Himeko survived because she wasn’t deployed.
Herrscher of the Void: She lost her footing, mentor, and comrades. She had no choice but to leave HQ and transfer to the Far East.
Herrscher of the Void: Where fate brought you to her.
Kiana: We don’t have such memories. You can’t possibly know this.
Herrscher of the Void: You’re right, but this thing knows.
Herrscher of the Void: Every moment of confusion, pain, and struggle was replayed in a flash right before she died, and this Gem captured it.
Herrscher of the Void: Hahaha! See? You twisted her fate! You ruined her life and brought her death. What a joke!
Herrscher of the Void: Isn’t she the best proof? Your hero, a martyr of her ideal. She burned herself out just to impose false hope upon you.
Herrscher of the Void: Which only turned you into a walking corpse, a slave of shame and grief.
Kiana: You just hate her. It’s that simple.
Herrscher of the Void: No, Kiana. For the past half year, I’ve been watching you from one failure to another, one loss to another.
Herrscher of the Void: You risked your life and distanced your friends to save irrelevant people who in return feared you and hated you.
Herrscher of the Void: They never accepted you. They always fear you. They band together to push you aside and bury you with shame and blame.
Herrscher of the Void: Those who you saved will eventually get hit by the evil in this world and impute their misfortune to you.
Herrscher of the Void: And people who drown you with false praise… they just want to approach you, use you, and finally destroy you.
Herrscher of the Void: Remember the stranger that showed you kindness? That staff member in the Salt Lake Base?
Herrscher of the Void: She was one of the puppets… she gave away Anti-Entropy’s intel and allowed the Herrscher to waltz into the base effortlessly.
Kiana: …
Herrscher of the Void: This is what Himeko traded her life for.
Herrscher of the Void: You can never save them. They don’t want to be saved.
Herrscher of the Void: That goes for everyone in the Theater.
Herrscher of the Void: And the world beyond the Theater.
Herrscher of the Void: Theresa, Siegfried, and Cecilia… they’re all the same.
Herrscher of the Void: Their kindness was tarnished by evil, their work wrecked overnight, and their ideals trampled over.
Herrscher of the Void: Fight for all that is beautiful in the world? I doubt there’s anything worth fighting for in this corrupted world.
Kiana: But I believe in it.
Herrscher of the Void: Which makes you a hypocrite.
Kiana: I’ve been reliving dreams from others. The echoes and memories in the Herrscher Cores. I can feel their joy and pain.
Kiana: Everyone had miserable memories and desperate moments, but they all gritted their teeth and stood up to live on.
Kiana: Just like you and me, good and evil are inside every mind. They’re light and shadow defined by each other.
Kiana: You’re right. The world is not perfect.
Kiana: But that’s why we hope for something beautiful.
Herrscher of the Void: …
Kiana: That’s my reason.
Kiana: Good and evil will always be there, and I’m motivated to work hard to create a better tomorrow.
Kiana: I believe that everyone should have a shot at making the world a better place. Good people will always pass on their kindness.
Kiana: Even if they might not end well, they live an honest life and can die without regrets.
Kiana: There are a lot of people around me who’ve chosen such a path.
Kiana: …The choices she and the others made are the reason why I can stand here saying this.
Kiana: So I still believe in her vision and what they have been protecting.
Kiana: As long as I’m still standing, her flames and their flames will never be extinguished.
Herrscher of the Void: Good requires faith, but evil doesn’t.
Kiana: Right, but for that same reason, you and the Herrscher of Domination have been underestimating the power of faith.
Herrscher of the Void: …
Herrscher of the Void: It’s clear then.
Kiana & Herrscher of the Void: There’s no way for us to coexist. We can never understand each other.
Herrscher of the Void: I guess that’s the first and only agreement we have.
Herrscher of the Void: No need to talk anymore. Only one of us can stay.
Kiana: Come on. I’m not afraid.
Herrscher of the Void: Humph, give me your best and struggle as hard as you can.
Herrscher of the Void: We hereby declare Judgment Day!
Herrscher of the Void: What a pity. If you could’ve taken it out earlier, you’d have one less enemy to deal with now.
Herrscher of the Void: What’s wrong, Benares? Why don’t you attack?
Kiana: Don’t you understand?
Herrscher of the Void: What?
Kiana: Benares… Bella is Sirin’s friend. She loves Sirin and wants her to be happy.
Kiana: We’re all part of Sirin, personas stemmed from her last wishes, unrealised possibilities of her life.
Kiana: But we chose different paths.
Kiana: Your heart is corrupted by the desire to destroy, but I want to protect the things I hold dear.
Kiana: In the eyes of Bella, which one of us do you think matches who Sirin wished to be?
Herrscher of the Void: You mean to say Benares chose you over me?
Kiana: She doesn’t want us to fight. She wants to save you too.
Kiana: She wants you to break free from hatred and be happy.
Kiana: She chose the Sirin she wishes to see.
Herrscher of the Void: What a joke! This is my stage! Anything that goes against my will shall be removed!
Herrscher of the Void: Vanish, traitor!
Benares: Ow…
Kiana: Benares?!
Herrscher of the Void: Hehe, you’re not so naive as to believe the little traitor would turn the tables for you, are you?
Herrscher of the Void: Looks like you’ve forgotten where the power you’re using came from!
Kiana: …?!
Herrscher of the Void: It’s too early to put on your smug face, worm…
Herrscher of the Void: The power you stole from me… time to return it to me.
Kiana: Huh?
Herrscher of the Void: That’s more like it.
Herrscher of the Void: The Herrscher powers have always been mine, and you’re but a thief and usurper.
Herrscher of the Void: Now, let’s fight fair and square.


Gameplay 25-9 - Act 8, Scene 5:
Herrscher of the Void: That’s how much stronger I am than you!
Kiana: Is this… what… you can do…
Kiana: I won’t… give in…
Herrscher of the Void: Feel sorry for your stupidity!
Herrscher of the Void: Tsk.
Herrscher of the Void: Pathetic. You just don’t know when to give up!
Herrscher of the Void: Better to accept your defeat than get crushed into a million pieces.
Herrscher of the Void: If you surrender, I may even show mercy and grant you painless death.
Kiana: No, I won’t… I’ll never lose to you!
Herrscher of the Void: Amusing. I wonder where your blind courage comes from.
Herrscher of the Void: Your friends are still busy playing house with the puppets and no one is coming to your rescue.
Herrscher of the Void: I have all the power of these Cores and you have less and less breathing room. Soon, I shall reclaim all.
Herrscher of the Void: Open your eyes and look around. You’ve got nothing left! Why struggle anymore?
Kiana: Maybe… you’re right and I’m only stalling the inevitable.
Kiana: Standing like this is hard enough for me now, let alone fighting you.
Kiana: But… whenever I fell and thought of giving up, a lot of things came to my mind.
Kiana: The burned pizza toast, the sweet pepper curry, that triple parfait, the glowing feather, the gates of St. Freya, and her final lesson…
Kiana: Everyone that once helped me, guided me, and showed me kindness.
Kiana: Their smiles and expectations… the hands they extended to me and the light they cast on me…
Kiana: Just the thought of these muffled the inner voice that said “give up”.
Kiana: Along the way, I’ve been given too much. Courage, blessings, hope… all my best memories are by my side to keep me warm.
Kiana: So…
Kiana: You were wrong to say I had nothing left!
Herrscher of the Void: What?!
Kiana: I’ll pass on everything good I’ve been given!
Herrscher of the Void: The Core of the Void… it should be under my control!
Kiana: I’ll bring love and hope to more people. This is not where I fall!
Herrscher of the Void: No, wait… that’s the Gem of Haste?
Kiana: I’ll carry on her vision, their vision… and keep moving!
Herrscher of the Void: Why did the Gem of Haste choose you?
Herrscher of the Void: Just because she used to have it?
Kiana: No.
Kiana: It’s because you’ve never owned it!
Herrscher of the Void: You’re just a shard of consciousness left in the Gem, why resist?
Herrscher of the Void: You’re already dead, why are you still trying to get in my way?!
Kiana: She had never stopped fighting her entire life.
Kiana: This is her color… the color of flame!
Herrscher of the Void: Why do you think you can beat me? Just because you’re the good Sirin and I’m the evil Sirin?
Kiana: There’s no such thing as good or evil Sirin. It’s just our own choices!
Kiana: …
Herrscher of the Void: …
Kiana: …
Herrscher of the Void: …
Kiana: It’s over.
Herrscher of the Void: …Yeah, it’s over.
Herrscher of the Void: The powers of the Gems are flowing to you. They’ve deserted me and chosen you. I guess your faith prevailed.
Kiana: I’ll make good use of these powers.
Herrscher of the Void: Not my business. Without me, it would be easier for you anyway.
Kiana: I’ll take responsibility for your crimes. I should.
Herrscher of the Void: Be my guest.
Herrscher of the Void: You could have lived an ignorant, innocent life, or died a test subject, but you chose this path.
Herrscher of the Void: The blood on Sirin’s hands, her sorrow and despair, humanity’s struggle… the burdens are all on your shoulders.
Kiana: …I’ll work hard to make sure there won’t be a second Sirin in this world.
Herrscher of the Void: Stop it. I don’t need your sympathy.
Herrscher of the Void: The winner takes all and the loser goes away. That’s the rule I agreed to.
Kiana: …
Kiana: Farewell, Herrscher of the Void.
Kiana: Farewell, the other Sirin.


CG plays wherein the Herrscher of the Void fades away, taking Benares with her:
Herrscher of the Void: I will not acknowledge your way of thinking.
Herrscher of the Void: However, as the victor, you may follow your path.
Herrscher of the Void: What say you?
Herrscher of the Void: Struggle till the very end, Kiana.


Kiana: …
A soul quietly vaporised into the air.
Like a feather drifting on a windless sunny day, it left no trail in the clear blue sky.
Only she knew the feather was once there.
Her desperation, her desires, and her sins had all been real once.
She closed her eyes and listened to the silent finale.
The pressure, resistance, and murderous intent that almost crushed her were all gone, and all the Gems were recovered.
The instant she laid her fingers on the Gems, an ocean of fragmented memories flushed into her mind and overwhelmed her.
Chaos. More chaos. Still more chaos.
Words failed to form sentences, and thoughts failed to be connected into a flow.
She gritted her teeth and exhausted the last ounce of her strength to keep her head straight.
After an uncertain period of time, she opened her eyes and saw a world of white.
She blinked her eyes hard until the view started to change.
The destination she had been looking for.
The pure white St. Freya decorated by a strand of blazing red in the middle.


CG plays wherein Kiana sees Himeko, or the memory thereof, walking away and towards the colorless, pure white outline of St. Freya.


Act 2 - Reform:
Gameplay 25-10 - Finale: Reunion:
To Kiana, the blindingly white world felt both strange and familiar.
Kiana knew why she was there.
She couldn’t move her eyes away from the red from the very beginning.
Kiana: …
The voice of reason reminded her it was a fantasy world created from the memories of the Gems.
Despite this, she was still craving for a chance to see the red lady again.
A farewell would have sufficed.
Kiana took a step ahead.


CG plays wherein Kiana walks forward, coming face-to-face with the one whom she had longed to see for so long:
Himeko: Long time no see, Kiana.


Kiana: Miss Himeko…
Words struggled to break free from her lips.
The sight felt so familiar, as if nothing had ever happened and she had never been away.
Himeko: I hope I didn’t spook you.
Kiana shook her head hard.
Himeko: Well then I’m relieved.
Himeko: Kiana, you’ve changed a lot.
Kiana: You… haven’t changed at all.
Himeko: Is that so? Guess I should be glad.
Kiana bit her lip.
Kiana: …
Kiana: …
Kiana: This is just a lingering image from past memories, right?
Himeko: I guess so. At least time is frozen here.
Kiana: …
Himeko: But we can still talk like this.
Himeko: Sorry, I wasn’t there for you.
Kiana: No, it’s alright…
Kiana: I’m just happy to see you again.
Kiana: At least I finally get to say goodbye.
Himeko: Gee, that doesn’t sound like the Kiana I knew. Not one bit.
Kiana: Yeah, I’ve been getting that a lot lately.
Himeko: So you overcame the Herrscher of the Void at last, right?
Kiana: Right, thanks to everyone’s help.
Himeko: I always had faith in you girls.
Himeko: Enough about that. Kiana, wanna take a tour around St. Freya again?
Kiana: …You bet.
Kiana: We were forced to leave the campus after the Battle of Schicksal.
Kiana: I’ve been wanting to go back ever since.
Himeko: Now might be a good time, then. What do you say?
Kiana: …!
Himeko: Kiana, let’s just take a moment to enjoy this frozen time.
Kiana: The scene changed.
Himeko: Haha, this is my memory.
Himeko: After so many years as a teacher here, I remember every corner of St. Freya clearly.
Himeko: *Stretching* …Ah, I miss this campus, the youthful vigor here.
Kiana: I remember I used to always wish I could grow up faster.
Kiana: But I didn’t know growing up would be so painful.
Himeko: Would you have chosen differently if you were given another chance?
Kiana: I don’t think so. That’s not like me.
Himeko: Kiana, look… our dorm. That’s my window over there.
Kiana: Ah, I know. Your room was always lit at night.
Kiana: Guess it was hard work preparing for lectures.
Himeko: Oh, not that hard, actually.
Himeko: I was just too drunk to turn off the light most of the time.
Himeko: See that little bush? That’s where you used to hide whenever you played hooky.
Himeko: I’ve always wondered why you’d hide there every time. It was so easy to find.
Kiana: Haha… Because the sunlight there was great.
Himeko: Remember the wall?
Kiana: Yeah, I used to climb over it and sneak out.
Himeko: You gave Theresa a big headache back then. She had probably elevated that wall three times, but you still managed to climb over it.
Kiana: No wonder I felt it got increasingly hard to climb.
Himeko: But she didn’t elevate it again after the third time.
Kiana: Why?
Himeko: Because she didn’t want you to fall and get hurt.
Kiana: Ah, it’s the old training grounds.
Himeko: Where we had the only type of class that could keep you awake.
Kiana: Back then, combat training was the only thing I liked.
Kiana: But I never got to beat Fu Hua in a duo combat practice.
Himeko: What about now?
Kiana: I’d say fifty fifty.
Himeko: Teaching you here… it feels like just yesterday.
Himeko: How are the girls doing? Catch me up.
Kiana: Sure.
Kiana told Himeko what happened after the Battle of Schicksal.
Himeko: Is that so… I didn’t expect things to go this way.
Himeko slowly took in what Kiana said and some of it still felt unbelievable to her.
Himeko: So Bronya became the Herrscher of Reason… Hmm, I did see her potential to succeed the Anti-Entropy Sovereign.
Himeko: She had always been a quiet girl, but none of you could match her in observing and learning.
Himeko: And I must say, Fu Hua turned out to be a lot more than what meets the eye.
Himeko: I was shocked, but come to think of it, that’s probably why the look in her eyes felt so very different from her peers’.
Kiana: She had her own inner demons, but now she’s come to terms with herself.
Himeko: Hmm… I was kinda worried about her, ‘cuz she always kept everything to herself and never asked for help.
Himeko: It was her who gave me the neutralising serum to save me, but I went against her good will… I owe her an apology.
Kiana: I’ll tell her that.
Himeko: As for Mei, I don’t think you need to worry about her. She’s a good kid, and that’s not gonna change.
Kiana: I know, and I trust her. I understand… what’s on her mind.
Kiana: …I just can’t help thinking about her.
Kiana: Ah, this place’s brought back so many memories.
Kiana: I’ve always known… I’m the one that got the most help from everyone…
Kiana: Mei, Bronya, Fu Hua, Principal Theresa, and you.
Kiana: I know… you and they are the reason why I’ve made it this far and why I can stick to this path in the future.
Kiana: But still… I’m worried.
Himeko: About what?
Kiana: That I haven’t done a good enough job.
Kiana: If I had understood things earlier, you wouldn’t have to worry about me and Mei wouldn’t have gone with the World Serpent.
Kiana: Sometimes, I feel I was a big letdown.
Himeko: Kiana, wanna hear a story?
Kiana: Huh? Another lecture?
Himeko: What? You’re not in the mood?
Kiana smiled.
Kiana: No, I’m dying to hear it.
Himeko: It was many years ago, during my freshman year.
Himeko: My Dad was working at a Schicksal facility, but I didn’t know exactly what he was working on.
Himeko: He was busy, but he managed to find time to ask about my grades, have dinner with me, and buy birthday cakes for me.
Himeko: But one day, he left me, left this world.
Himeko: I couldn’t accept it. No way. We were laughing our hearts out at the dinner table and the next day he was gone.
Himeko: Later… I joined Schicksal and became a Valkyrie with an artificial Stigmata.
Himeko: Everything I did was to find the hidden truth behind my Dad’s death. This motivation drove me forward as a Valkyrie.
Himeko: And then I met Captain Ragna.
Kiana: …
Himeko: She told me that Valkyries were fighters who brought light to the world, and should never surrender to obsessions or hatred.
Himeko: She taught me how to give vent to my anguish and depression, and guided me to find a beacon for my Valkyrie career.
Himeko: She was the first one who encouraged me to “give this sad story a happy ending”.
Himeko: But… compared to you, she didn’t fight by my side on the battlefield for long.
Kiana: What happened back in 2010…
Himeko: Kiana, the Herrscher of the Void blamed everything bad on you, and that’s wrong. She didn’t see the choices people made.
Himeko: What comes next is the real story I want you to hear.
Himeko: After Captain Ragna’s death, I sorted out the things she left behind, and found a letter at the bottom of a drawer.
Himeko: “To my dear comrades…”
Himeko: “If this is found, it means I am no longer with you.”
Himeko: “Everything valuable I have will be handled according to the rules, and I’m not worried about my pension either.”
Himeko: “Now… just allow me to share a story in this letter.”
Himeko: “A few years ago when I became an S-rank Valkyrie, I was sent to a lot of Honkai-stricken areas for disaster relief.”
Himeko: “Frankly, I felt it was a huge waste of my time and talent.”
Himeko: “Rather than helping these weak and ignorant civilians, I should be deployed to the frontline fighting enemies.”
Himeko: “One day, I mustered my courage and asked the Overseer who had come to inspect: ‘What we’re doing here… does it kill the Honkai?’”
Himeko: “The Overseer looked at me and gave me a crisp ‘no’.”
Himeko: “I was dumbfounded. I thought my reckless action would lead to a solemn lecture or even punishment.”
Himeko: “But what he said next totally changed the way I saw my occupation.”
Himeko: “He said: ‘But this is how Schicksal passes on its faith.’”
Himeko: “Comrades, now I am sharing these same words with you.”
Himeko: “Whatever we do, as long as we have faith in it ourselves, will never turn out to be meaningless.”
Himeko: “We fight for the good in this world and things we deem important.”
Himeko: “They may seem small, insignificant, but that’s only because they are seeds.”
Himeko: “These seeds that are destined for something good will one day blossom and thrive into a beautiful garden.”
Himeko: “So, don’t cry for me, comrades.”
Himeko: “I have died, but my death will fertilise the soil that grows hope.”
Himeko: “And the flowers of the future will one day find something they want to protect.”
Himeko: That was Captain Ragna’s last teaching. As a matter of fact, I didn’t quite get what she was trying to say.
Himeko: Just a voice in the background telling me I should go to St. Freya.
Himeko: When I donned the Godsbane battlesuit, I suddenly recalled her words and was enlightened. I understood everything.
Kiana: …
Himeko: Kiana, I read the mission report…
Himeko: No one knew what happened, but the Herrscher was subdued, and Siegfried survived after liberating the Judgment of Shamash.
Himeko: It must be someone who made a decision that they deemed right and necessary.
Himeko: I think Captain Ragna must have seen something she wanted to protect in you, something I had seen too.
Himeko: It’s the same for her, for me, and for everyone else around you.
Himeko: We have faith in you. We believe you’ll save more lives and make the world a better place.
Himeko: And you did it, Kiana.
Himeko: What you did in Arc City, on Mount Taixuan, and everything you’ve done to solve the Herrscher of Domination situation…
Himeko: You saved a lot of people, and in turn, they’ll help even more people.
Himeko: This is humanity’s legacy, the everlasting flame.
Kiana: …
Kiana: Thank you… Miss Himeko.
Kiana: I know it too… but sometimes, I can’t…
Himeko: I know your anxiety, Kiana. The more people help you, the more pressure you feel.
Himeko: All the more reason for you to remember… you’re never in this alone.
Himeko: Anti-Entropy who have become our partners, Principal Theresa who has your best interest at heart, and our reliable Class Monitor Fu Hua.
Himeko: Bronya may not be outspoken, but she cares about you and others deeply, and you can tell she’s come a long way.
Himeko: Mei is the gentlest kid of you all, so don’t worry about her. Kiana, trust her to make the right decisions.
Himeko: …And you, Kiana.
There was overflowing pride in Himeko’s voice.
Himeko: You’re the most unruly student I have ever taught. And the most perseverant one too.
Himeko: You have the power to change everyone around you, to bring them along on your journey.
Himeko: So trust your friends, Kiana, for they believe in you and depend on you.


Gameplay 25-11 - Finale: Entangled:
Theater of Domination.
Bronya: Huff… huff…
Fu Hua: Are you alright, Bronya?
Bronya: I’m fine, just not ready to give up yet.
Fu Hua: We know where she is, but we’re trapped here and can’t do anything about it.
Bronya: These puppets even hold their hosts hostage…
Puppet: Hahaha, just give up now, kids.
Puppet: These people’s lives and Kiana’s life. Is it that hard to choose?
Fu Hua: You won’t understand, Herrscher.
Puppet: No, I won’t, but I know for sure your dear Kiana is staying here forever!
Puppet: And you two can do nothing but cry your eyes out here.
Puppet: Ah, I wonder if it’ll be even more fun to let you out and witness the great moment.
Fu Hua: The Herrscher of Domination…
Bronya: What about them, Fu Hua?
Fu Hua: Bronya, do you still remember the two theories Dr. Einstein came up with?
Fu Hua: The Herrscher of Domination is formed by identical individuals who look exactly the same.
Fu Hua: But they have different personalities from their hosts, the depressed and the disillusioned. There are two possibilities.
Fu Hua: The first is that every individual is independent and together they built this space called the Theater of Domination.
Bronya: In this case, taking out all the individuals will make the Theater disappear and solve the problem for good.
Bronya: That’s what we had in mind at the beginning, but later on, we found them all revived overnight.
Fu Hua: Which brings us to the second possibility…
Fu Hua: None of the individuals are the Herrscher and the Herrscher pulls the strings from behind the curtain.
Fu Hua: It’s like the queen of an ant colony… it looks for the common weakness in the human heart and magnifies it, manipulates it, and finally dominates.
Bronya: If that is the case… Attriting the puppets is pointless. We should go after the one controlling them.
Fu Hua: Do you have any plans?
Bronya: Well, I’ve been thinking…
Bronya: If this construction truly is a closed space, then we wouldn’t be able to track Kiana’s wristband.
Bronya: Maybe the tower only seems closed because they employed visual or spatial tricks.
Bronya: Puppets can’t create an infinite space, what they’re doing is essentially robbing Peter to pay Paul. The Bronya presumes that exists are hidden in some overlooked places.
Fu Hua: I see, then we can bypass the puppets blocking the path. We’ll attack the weak point.
Bronya: Correct, but this will take time.
Fu Hua: Understood. I’ll do the fighting.
Puppet: Hey, quit mumbling already! You’re getting on my nerves.
Puppet: We’ll see how much longer you can last!
Puppet: Hmm? Why are you fighting alone?
Puppet: Where’s the other girl? Burnt out already?
Puppet: Huh, that’s impressive.
Bronya: We’re close to it. Hang in there a little longer, Fu Hua.
Puppet: Huh? Close to what?!
Puppet: Ugh, I’m so sick of you programmers… always typing some strange strings with crafty ideas in your heads!
Bronya: Found it!
Bronya: Right here!
Fu Hua: We’re out!
Bronya: Is that… Kiana?!
Fu Hua: Let’s go before those puppets come!
Puppet: Leaving already? Without saying goodbye? You hurt our feelings.
Bronya: Puppets…!
Fu Hua: We’re in the Theater… That’s why they caught up so fast.
Puppet: That was quite a feat, Bronya. You have succeeded in finding an opening every time.
Puppet: You make us look like the inhabitants of Swiss cheese… That thing is ridden with holes.
Puppet: Looks like we have to keep an eye on you.
Bronya: What have you done to Kiana?!
Puppet: Oh, it was nothing. I only reproduced what the Schicksal Overseer had done ages ago.
Puppet: If you’re really so curious, you ought to see it yourself.
Puppet: Only if you can make it past us, that is!
Puppet: You will not be so lucky this time. Only one path lies before you!
Puppet: Make your choice! You cannot run from us forever! Kill us if you can!
Bronya: What should we do, Fu Hua? We can’t find another path right now.
Bronya: And now they’re directly connected to their hosts. We can’t stall them forever…
Fu Hua: …
Fu Hua: That leaves us no other choice.
Fu Hua: Bronya, I’ll cut off their connection with their hosts.
Bronya: Cut off the connection? But how?
Fu Hua: I cut off the connection between Sirin and the Will of the Honkai during the 2nd Eruption. The mechanics are similar.
Bronya: But… you don’t have Fenghuang Down anymore.
Fu Hua: Yes, my power doesn’t allow me.
Fu Hua: Which is why I must rely on the Herrscher of Sentience’s power.
Bronya: The Herrscher of Sentience? But that’s dangerous…
Fu Hua: I know, but I must try.
Fu Hua closed her eyes and sank deep into her consciousness. She felt the presence of that leaden chain again.
The chain reached down to the bottomless darkness as she had remembered. Its other end was connected to an unknown corner, and the one standing there still refused to budge.
Fu Hua: Listen to me, if you can hear me…
Fu Hua whispered into the chain. She did not know where her voice would be carried to.
Fu Hua: Kiana is in grave danger. I need to borrow your power.
…
The chain in her consciousness stirred.
Fu Hua: I need… your help.
…
Fu Hua: …
Herrscher of Sentience: …Ugh! Old timer, can you people leave me alone for a day? Don’t you have anything better to do than pestering me?
Herrscher of Sentience: First it was Kevin’s underling, then a bunch of weird wooden dummies, and now you too?
Fu Hua: Please, I’m in dire need of your help.
Herrscher of Sentience: You think I’m stupid or something? I know they’ll snatch your Herrscher power if you show it!
Herrscher of Sentience: You wanna use her to get rid of me or kill two birds with one stone?
Herrscher of Sentience: Oh, I get it! You must’ve been brainwashed into a wooden dummy!
Herrscher of Sentience: Humph! Thought so, it’s a miracle your miserable life hasn’t crumbled until now.
Fu Hua: I’m not one of them. They are threatening us with the lives of the innocent and I need to borrow your power.
Herrscher of Sentience: Am I supposed to believe this corny excuse? If not, why are you trying to trick me into giving my power away?
Fu Hua: No, you’re not giving it away. They will not be taken away as long as we win this fight.
Fu Hua: And we will win.
Herrscher of Sentience: Good for you! Let me give you a pat on the head! Which, as you know, is none of my business!
Fu Hua: Kiana needs you.
Herrscher of Sentience: No, she was asking for “Fu Hua”, not me.
Fu Hua: I need you too.
Herrscher of Sentience: …
Fu Hua felt the chain in her consciousness loosen a little.
Fu Hua: I know… Kiana once denied you. But after spending time with her, you know she means no harm.
Fu Hua: She didn’t deny you as Fu Hua because she hated you. On the contrary, we all regard you as an individual, as an irreplaceable soul.
Fu Hua: You have your own opinions, beliefs, and the persistence to see them through. You don’t have to mind who you are, because you have the right to decide who you want to be.
Fu Hua: I’ve been wanting to tell you this… Kiana and I both hope to have you back.
Herrscher of Sentience: …
Fu Hua eagerly awaited the Herrscher of Sentience’s response. She could not afford to discuss this matter further.
If she would only come back with a tease, she may have to find another way…
Herrscher of Sentience: Well, you’re a better talker than the wooden dummies. Not a feat, though.
Herrscher of Sentience: But I won’t clean up after a mess that you got yourselves into… Yeah, if you’re feeling so great, why don’t you…
Her attitude seemed to have softened, but time was running out. Fu Hua gritted her teeth and made up her mind…
Fu Hua: I’m sorry…!
At the instant the Herrscher of Sentience lowered her guard, Fu Hua yanked the chain.
Power gushed into her instantly. She was not proud of what she did, but she had no choice.
Herrscher of Sentience: Old timer! You…!!
Fu Hua: My strength is back!
Fu Hua: NOW!


CG plays wherein the connection between the puppets and their hosts is severed.


Puppet: W-What?! You shouldn’t be able to use that power!
Fu Hua: Ah…!
A strange feeling crawled up Fu Hua’s body.
Fu Hua: I see… So this is what it feels like to have your power ripped.
Bronya: The Herrscher of Sentience… How’s she doing?
Fu Hua: She’s fine… Just that our conversation’s been cut off.
Bronya: It’s surprising that she agreed to lend you a hand.
Fu Hua: No. To be precise, she didn’t.
Bronya: Huh…?
Fu Hua: She was just wavering. But we’re in a hurry…
Bronya: Then she… must be boiling mad right now.
Fu Hua: I’ll find her and apologise to her. I won’t run away from it.
Fu Hua: But we should focus on rescuing Kiana for now!


Gameplay 25-12 - Finale: Thunderclap:
Puppet: Not so easy!
Puppet: That’s just a few hostages. But we got the Herrscher of Sentience’s power.
Puppet: Not a bad trade!
Bronya: I… I can’t see!
Puppet: So this is the power of Sentience, huh?
Fu Hua: Calm down, Bronya. They haven’t mastered the power yet. It’s just an illusion!
Puppet: What if we add the Herrscher of Reason’s power into the Herrscher of Sentience’s power?
Puppet: Hahaha, you can try fighting in the dark.
Bronya: Ah… This is tricky.
Fu Hua: Bronya, just set your bearings in your mind and move toward Kiana.
Puppet: Hahaha, you made it sound so easy. But now that we have the power of two Herrschers, you…
Puppet: Grrrrrrrr!
Fu Hua: Hmm?
Bronya: What happened?
Fu Hua: The puppets… are falling?
Bronya: Red lightning… Is it Mei?!
Fu Hua: Mei?
Puppet: Gaaaaaaaaah!
Mei: It’s working.
Puppet: Cough… What… have you done?
Mei: Nothing. I only crushed you in a contest of strength.
Puppet: What?
Mei: Oh? Is it that you know you must avoid me, but not the reason why?
Mei: Breaking off your tail to survive? Humph. You’re not even aware of your own weakness.
Puppet: The Herrscher of Thunder’s power…
Puppet: How is it possible? How is it possible that we cannot steal it?
Mei: Wanna know why?
Puppet: …
Mei: Simple. You’re far too weak.
Puppet: Tsk… Damn it, damn it, damn it!
Mei: Your Domination is only glorified pillaging.
Mei: If pit against a mightier force, you and your power of Domination will both suffer.
Mei: Ready? That was only a test. Which is stronger, your Domination or my Conquest…
Mei: You won’t be so lucky this time!
Kiana: Mei.
Mei: …?!
Kiana: Mei, you can stop fighting.
Kiana: I’ll take you home, to St. Freya where everyone’s waiting for you.
Kiana: Let’s go back to the past together. We’ll never be separated again.
Mei: …
Mei: I don’t need to go back to the past.
Mei: And neither does she.


CG plays wherein Mei unsheathes the blade wielded by her two larger armored hands.


Mei: Hoy!
Puppet: Grrrrrrrr!
The puppets in the Theater fell one by one. Their creations vanished along with them.
Puppet: Damn you… Our power… Our toys!!!
Mei: Huff… huff…
Mei: Stolen powers… are fake powers after all.
Puppet: Tsk… Listen… to yourself.
Puppet: You too have become weak… after exhausting your power…
Mei: Cough… Huff…
Puppet: How can you… fight on in this state…
Puppet: Ha… Haha… Look at yourself… you will be thrown out of the Theater soon…
Puppet: Then… you will never be able to return…
Puppet: Just you wait… We will kill all your friends…
Mei: Heh…
Puppet: What are you… laughing at…
Mei: You’ll never understand… I’ve already told you…
Mei: Kiana and the girls… will never lose to you.


Gameplay 25-13 - Finale: Farewell:
*Rumble*
Kiana: What’s that noise?
Himeko: I’m afraid it came from the outside.
Kiana: Outside… The girls?
Himeko: It appears they were fighting the Herrscher, which restored time to this space.
Himeko: See? Kiana, you were never alone.
*Rumble*
The second thunderclap sounded violent enough to rip this space open.
Himeko: The Herrscher of Domination’s power has weakened.
Kiana: …
Himeko: …
They gazed at each other in silence. Only the hands of time slowly resumed moving.
Himeko: Are you ready, Kiana?
Kiana: …Yes, Miss Himeko.
Said Kiana with determination.
Himeko: Come on, I’ll walk you out.
Himeko: I still have vivid memories of my days at St. Freya.
Himeko: I remember when you first got here, you always blathered about becoming the strongest Valkyrie.
Himeko: It feels like just in the blink of an eye, you’ve grown so much.
Himeko: To be honest, I really wish I could watch you girls grow up.
Himeko: I wish I could go back to St. Freya to teach you and train you again…
Himeko: To write something on the blackboard again, and go back to my room to have a drink.
Himeko: The days at St. Freya are my most cherished memories.
Himeko: But I can’t do any of those things again.
Himeko: The road ahead is long, but I can’t walk with you anymore.
Himeko: But it’s okay, Kiana. Because you never let me down.
Himeko: Always remember that those around you will always support you and look out for you.
Himeko: And I’m one of those people.
Himeko: My journey ends here.
Himeko: But yours is about to continue.
Kiana: …
Kiana: Everything here will disappear once I walk out that door, right?
Himeko: I’m not sure.
Himeko: But… I think so.
Kiana: …Okay.
Himeko: Say goodbye to the girls for me.
Kiana: I will.
Himeko: Tell Mei that I support her choice, but she should go easier on her friends next time.
Kiana: I will tell her that.
Himeko: Tell Bronya that I’m happy to see the huge progress she’s made. I believe she’ll make a great leader in the future.
Kiana: I believe so too.
Himeko: Tell Fu Hua that though I won’t be able to see her again, she’ll always be our dear Class Monitor, no matter if St. Freya exists or not.
Kiana: Sure.
Himeko: Theresa will have to take care of you girls on her own now. Promise me you will all behave.
Himeko: Help her out as much as you can. She acts like she’s a tough, strong principal. But she needs you girls too.
Kiana: I know.
Himeko: Oh, and I remember Captain Ragna was also Rita and Durandal’s teacher.
Himeko: Tell them her last words as well when you have the chance.
Kiana: I will.
Himeko: And, Kiana, tell yourself…
Himeko: I will always be there for you.
Kiana: …
Himeko: …
Kiana: …
Himeko: It’s okay, Kiana.
Said Himeko with a gentle smile.
Himeko: Just think of this as a dream.
Himeko: Everyone has to move on after waking up.
Kiana: …
Himeko: There’s no need to fear farewell.
Himeko: Because waving goodbye to the past is the first step towards the future.
Kiana: …
Kiana: I know, Miss Himeko… I know…
Kiana: …
Kiana clenched her fists.
Kiana: …
Kiana: I’m sorry…
Kiana: I’m so sorry, Miss Himeko…
Kiana: I know at a moment like this, I should say goodbye to you with a mature smile… I should be strong and leave…
Kiana: I know this place is just a shadow of our memories, and it’s time for me to go back to reality…
Kiana: But I just can’t help but wonder…
Kiana: If I never walk out of that door, will time be paused forever… so this moment can last forever…
Kiana: I didn’t even get to say goodbye to you…
Kiana: There’s still so much that I haven’t said to you… And so many unfulfilled promises I made to you…
Kiana: This is just a dream, and I’ll have to wake up eventually… I know…
Kiana: I’ll go out and defeat the Legion Herrsher… and bring Mei back home…
Kiana: The 11th Herrscher, the 12th Herrscher, even if it’s the Final Herrscher… I’ll defeat them…
Kiana: I’ll try my best to give this sad story a happy ending…
Kiana: But I just want you to be there to see it all…
Himeko: I will.
Himeko: Kiana, if you wish me to see it, I can see it.
Himeko: Because I’m in your heart.
Kiana: …
Himeko: You remind me of myself as a child.
Himeko: At my mother’s funeral, I cried my eyes out holding my father’s hand and refused to leave. In the end, everyone left but us.
Himeko: After a long time, he patted me on the head. I looked up and saw his red eyes. Unlike me, he only shed silent tears.
Himeko: “It’s okay, Himeko,” he said, “she will become a star watching over us in the sky.”
Himeko: Father was never good at comforting me.
Himeko: But up until now, I’ve always believed every word he said.
Himeko: Kiana, as long as you believe it… I will be a star watching over you in the sky.
Himeko: Torches will go out, moonlight might dim; but this eternal glow will light the path ahead for you.
Himeko: So, do not be afraid.
Himeko: Because I’m always with you.
Himeko: The most beautiful ending of a teacher’s story… is to become her student’s strength on her journey onward.
Kiana: I know…
Himeko: Time passes, everything changes, and the change might take away your whole world…
Himeko: But don’t worry… it happens to be the most powerful strength in the universe that is strong enough to open up paths and bring hope.
Kiana: …I see.
Himeko: Whenever you feel lost, look up at the stars.
Himeko: I’ll be there and light the dark night for you.
Kiana: …
Kiana: Thank you, Miss Himeko.
The end of the world started to emit white light.
Kiana: Guess it’s time for me to leave…
Himeko: Yeah.
Himeko: Be brave, Kiana. Just go, and don’t look back.
Himeko: I will always support you and watch over you, because…
Himeko: You’re Himeko Murata’s student.
Kiana: Haha.
Kiana: Miss Himeko…
Himeko: Hmm?
Kiana: I’m honored to have met you and become your student.
Himeko: The honor is mine.
Himeko: Go ahead, Kiana.
Kiana: Goodbye, Miss Himeko.


Himeko: Just go, Kiana.
Himeko: Everyone is waiting for you out there.
Himeko: I will protect you, as always.
Himeko: Though this will be the last time we meet, there’s no need to say farewell.
Himeko: “If you shed tears when you miss the sun, you also miss the stars.”
Himeko: Great poem, right? It’s Tagore’s.
Himeko: “One night I burned all my memories, and my dreams became transparent.”
Himeko: “One morning, I threw away all yesterday, and since then, my steps have been light.”
Himeko: Also Tagore’s poem. You can find it and read it after you get out.
Himeko: What’s the matter, Kiana? You want to hear me talk more?
Himeko: Dwelling on the past isn’t good for you.
Himeko: Promise me you girls will behave and not make trouble for the Principal.
Himeko: Though… you already outgrew mischief.
Himeko: My days at St. Freya seems like only yesterday… Ah, I guess for me, it was indeed yesterday.
Himeko: It’s a pity that I never tried on that new red dress.
Himeko: You girls don’t have class anymore, do you?
Himeko: Be good girls and help out Principal Theresa more.
Himeko: Though she can be stern sometimes, she cares about you girls the most.
Himeko: And no need to worry about Mei, Kiana. You know her the best.
Himeko: Time to go, or you won’t be able to catch up with Mei.
Himeko: Well, I’m not a storybook, Kiana.
Himeko: Be brave and do what you have to do, Kiana. My heart will always be with you.
Himeko: And I will always watch over you.
Himeko: Maybe we’ll see each other in our dreams.
Himeko: It’s okay to feel lost about the future.
Himeko: Just do what you want to do.
Himeko: And make sure you eat well no matter how busy… Oh, I guess you don’t need me to tell you that.
Himeko: Remember your first training?
Himeko: I asked you girls to fight me together, yet you still couldn’t beat me.
Himeko: But now, you girls must’ve become stronger than me.
Himeko: Your friends will start to worry if you stay here too long.
Himeko: How come I can only remember the most trivial things at a moment like this?
Himeko: I miss the food Mei made. I was never good at cooking.
Himeko: Oh, I remember Fu Hua also made me noodles once.
Himeko: It was called Luncheon Meat and Egg Noodles, a Shenzhou speciality.
Himeko: It’s been so long. I really miss the taste.
Himeko: At St. Freya, Theresa used to nag me about a lot of things.
Himeko: I know, I know, I wasn’t a model teacher.
Himeko: But did you know Theresa always hid her snacks in a file pocket in the bottom drawer?
Himeko: I wonder if she ever found out I took her snacks a few times… Shhh, don’t tell her.
Himeko: Okay… Everyone’s secrets would be exposed if I kept talking.
Himeko: There are so many things that I thought I’d have time to do someday… But now they can never be done.
Himeko: If you want to do something, just do it with no fear or hesitation.
Himeko: Alright, I’ll tell you another story.
Himeko: I once heard a story:
Himeko: A mother wrote many letters for her little girl before she died, so that she would receive one on each birthday.
Himeko: As a reward for her child for being brave, she also put pocket money for her child to buy candy in each envelope.
Himeko: As the little girl grew up, she received more and more candy money from her birthday letters.
Himeko: The mother wishes she could be there for her child as she grew up this way.
Himeko: Though the mother passed away, she didn’t miss her little girl’s childhood.
Himeko: Sadly, I didn’t have time to leave such letters for you girls.
Himeko: But I won’t miss anything.
Himeko: Because you’ve already received the candy I left you, which is everything you’ve learned and inherited from me.
Himeko: And as you grow up, they will also grow into your strength and courage to press ahead.
Himeko: Which will be the proof of my existence…
Himeko: …And the proof that I’m always with you.
Himeko: There’s nothing more I can teach you, Kiana.
Himeko: Because no matter what difficulties lie ahead, you are already able to overcome them, and make the right choice.
Himeko: I believe in you, as always.
Himeko tenderly gazes at you and talks no more.


Himeko: You made me proud, Kiana.


Gameplay 25-14 - Finale: Resolve:
Bronya: …! Fu Hua! Kiana woke up!
Fu Hua: Kiana, are you alright?
Kiana: Ugh…
Kiana opened her eyes. Probably because she had been unconscious for a long time, she felt she just woke up from a deep dream.
Kiana: Fu Hua… Bronya… What are you doing here?
Bronya: To save an idiotka, of course.
Fu Hua: What happened?
Kiana’s mind gradually came back.
Kiana: Ah…
And the quiver in her heart also slowly eased.
Kiana: …
Kiana: A lot of things…
Kiana: Thank you for coming for me… I’ll tell you everything after we get out of here.
Kiana: But for now, let’s get done with them.
Puppet: …
Not far away, the puppets dragged themselves limping towards the center of the Theater to escape.
After suffering a devastating blow from the Herrscher of Thunder, their already weird movements became even creepier.
Kiana: What’s the matter with them?
Fu Hua: Just now during the battle, they suddenly fell down trembling.
Fu Hua: Judging from the situation, they might have been attacked by the Herrscher of Thunder.
Kiana: Mei…
Bronya: She must be fighting alongside us somewhere.
Fu Hua: After that, all the things they had constructed with the Herrscher of Reason’s power disappeared.
Bronya: The Bronya felt it too.
Bronya: Though faint, the power seems to be slowly flowing back to the Herrscher Core.
Fu Hua: Mei’s attack greatly weakened the puppets. They don’t have much strength left to dominate the Herrscher power now.
Kiana: Which means… if we managed to weaken them further, we can take back our power.
Bronya: The Bronya agrees.
Kiana: Then it’s simple.
Kiana: We will win as long as we hold on long enough.
Puppet: …
Puppet: Kiana… I can’t believe this. You really defeated the Herrscher of the Void?
Kiana: Yeah. You must be pretty disappointed.
Puppet: Hahaha, well done, I’m impressed.
Puppet: The pain and despair of losing your teacher didn’t crush you, the Herrscher of the Void lost to you, and even the Cores couldn’t trap you.
Puppet: Alright, alright, Kiana. I admit, maybe you really are a hero.
Kiana: No, I’m not.
Kiana: Those who have guided me, they are the true heroes.
Kiana: I’m just taking the path after them, so that I’ll never forget them.
Puppet: Is that so? Maybe.
Puppet: But we are different!
Bronya: …
Fu Hua: Careful, that strange feeling is getting stronger.
Puppet: We’re not heroes, but neither are those people you’re trying to save!
Puppet: They are “puppets” like us, losers who have given up hope. They are sick of their own weakness and inability, and they turn it into resentment against the world!
Kiana: You do not represent humanity.
Puppet: But we are the shadows and the unspeakable ugliness that truly exist in the human heart… it’s the unity of the wills of the 1000 people that controls them!
Puppet: 1000 kinds of sorrow, despair, madness, hatred, and the desire to be destroyed, imprisoned, and dominated…
Puppet: Myriads of malice twisted and intertwined, forming the Theater of Domination and incubating the Herrscher of Domination!
Kiana: You see only the dark side of the human heart, but chose to turn a blind eye to the goodness.
Kiana: You dominate humankind to make them give up, but you never listen to the other voice inside them.
Kiana: Which is why you are nothing but puppets of the Honkai. We’ll destroy this theater, so that all the dominated can find their hearts.
Puppet: Fine. The final stage has been set up for you, Kiana.
Puppet: Come! Up next… is the showdown between the heroic and the malicious!
Kiana: This is… the final stage.
Kiana: Here we come, Herrscher of Domination.
Herrscher of Domination: Pride, envy, apathy, hatred, greed, hopelessness, abandonment…
Puppet: Ahahahahaha….
Fu Hua: Kiana! Watch out for their ranged attack!
Puppet: Why don’t you stop? What you’re doing is pointless.
Puppet: Your fate is to be trapped here forever and ever! Until the end of time!
Bronya: Fu Hua!
Kiana: Give Fu Hua back!
Puppet: Hehehehehe! Have some patience, it’ll be your turn very soon!
Bronya: Kiana! Watch out!
Kiana: Bronya!


Gameplay 25-15 - Finale: Showdown:
Kiana: Fu Hua! Bronya!
Kiana: Gravity… has been reversed?
Kiana: No, it’s the puppet strings!
Kiana: This place has always been their territory.
Kiana: The Herrscher of Domination is even capable of this?
Puppet: Stop pestering us! Stop pestering us!
Puppet: Ooh, you’re mad, you’re mad!
Puppet: Why struggle in vain? Why not surrender peacefully?
Kiana: You want to trap me here?
Kiana: I’ve got to help Fu Hua and Bronya…
Kiana: I’m not stopping here!


Gameplay 25-16 - Finale, Curtain Fall:
Herrscher of Domination: Meaningless struggle.
Herrscher of Domination: Meaningless existence.
Herrscher of Domination: Meaningless life.
Herrscher of Domination: Perish!
Herrscher of Domination: This meaningless world!
Kiana: It’s not up to you to decide the meaning of humanity!
Puppet: You must be happy to see your friends’ faces, Kiana.
Puppet: And it must feel wrong to beat them up, am I right?
Puppet: See? You’re all alone again.
Puppet: It’s all your fault that they have to die with you!
Puppet: Your presence always brings nothing but misfortune!
Puppet: But they totally deserve this!
Puppet: Because they are just like you… stupid, useless, and do not deserve to live at all!
Herrscher of Domination: This is the Theater of Domination, the stage for us all.
Herrscher of Domination: We are the will of everyone, and all kinds of hopelessness.
Herrscher of Domination: Despair won’t go away, we won’t disappear.
Herrscher of Domination: What has created us, what has destroyed everything…
Herrscher of Domination: Is humanity’s very own malice!
Kiana: It’s over.
Kiana: What…?!
Herrscher of Domination: Despair won’t go away, we won’t disappear.
Herrscher of Domination: You can’t change the malice in human hearts. You can’t change this ugly world.


Special CG [Everlasting Flames] plays:
Herrscher of Domination: Kiana, give up.
Kiana: Bronya… Fu Hua…
Herrscher of Domination: Without the power of a Herrscher, you’re only a runt.
Kiana: Let them go!
Herrscher of Domination: You think big, yet act so small.
Kiana: Stop!
Herrscher of Domination: You thought your acts were just and kind.
Herrscher of Domination: But tell me, did they impress anyone but yourself?
Herrscher of Domination: You can’t change the malice in human hearts.
Herrscher of Domination: You can’t change this ugly world.
Kiana: Almost… there…
Herrscher of Domination: See?
Herrscher of Domination: You can’t even protect them.
Herrscher of Domination: This is the end of a human.
Herrscher of Domination: We are all failures.
Kiana: No.
Herrscher of Domination: Humans are all failures.
Kiana: I won’t surrender to you!
Herrscher of Domination: They have fallen.
Herrscher of Domination: You’re the last.
Kiana: No…
Kiana: Never!
Kiana: They never give up.
Kiana: Now it’s my turn to do what I gotta do.
Kiana: To tell them that they made the right choice.
Kiana: Are you done?
Herrscher of Domination: What?
Kiana: My turn now.
Kiana: Hope you’re fine with that!
Herrscher of Domination: Why do you keep getting up?
Herrscher of Domination: No amount of struggle can change the result.
Bronya: Kiana doesn’t care about that, cause she’s an idiot!
Bronya: And an idiot doesn’t quit!
Bronya & Kiana: Fire!
Fu Hua: She changed me.
Fu Hua: She changed many of us.
Fu Hua: From today onwards, she’ll continue to change others.
Fu Hua: I want to live till that day happens, so…
Fu Hua & Kiana: We’re not stopping here.
Herrscher of Domination: Your ideals can never be realised.
Herrscher of Domination: Because this world has always been ugly.
Kiana: No it’s not!
Kiana: It sure isn’t all sunshine and rainbows, but there are people who’ve taught me to never give up.
Kiana: They’ve been guiding me and showing me all the beautiful things in the world.
Kiana: I love them, and I love what they love.
Kiana: We’re connected by this sword.
Kiana: It will burn up the darkness to make way for light!
Kiana: This will be our path back home!




[Moon Halo] - Song Lyrics:
Some deserts on this planet were oceans once
Somewhere shrouded by the night, the sun will shine
Sometimes I see a dying bird fall to the ground
But it used to fly so high
I thought I were no more than a bystander Till I felt a touch so real
I will no longer be a transient When I see smiles with tears
If I have never known the sore of farewell and pain of sacrifices
What else should I engrave on my mind
Frozen into icy rocks, that’s how it starts
Crumbled like the sands of time, that’s how it ends
Every page of tragedy is thrown away
Burned out in the flame
A shoulder for the past
Let out the cries imprisoned for so long
A pair of wings for me at this moment
To soar above this world
Turn into a shooting star that briefly shines but warms up every heart
May all the beauty be blessed
May all the beauty be blessed
I will never go
There’s a way back home
Brighter than tomorrow and yesterday
May all the beauty be blessed
Wave goodbye to the past
When hope and faith have grown so strong and sound
Unfold this pair of wings for me again
To soar above this world
Turned into a moon that always tells the warmth and brightness of the sun
May all the beauty be blessed
May all the beauty be blessed


  



…
Kiana: You lost.
Puppet: …
Puppet: Yes, we lost…
Puppet: But the question is… to what?
Puppet: Justice? Hope? Or pure strength?
Kiana: You wouldn’t understand.
Puppet: But we want to understand, Kiana.
Puppet: We envy you, Kiana… How come you always win?
Puppet: No matter what difficulties you face, you never flinch… No matter how hopeless the situation is, you always manage to save the day on your own…
Kiana: No, I was never alone.
Puppet: Neither were we… There are a thousand of us…
Kiana: Because you are not united by the same belief, sympathy, or mutual trust.
Kiana: You simply gathered together because of similar extreme emotions, so you try to vent as a whole.
Kiana: You don’t call that companionship.
Puppet: …
Puppet: I see…
Puppet: But, Kiana, I have one more question…
Puppet: Can you really defeat the Honkai with your so-called belief, friendship, and hope…?
Puppet: We lost, but you may face enemies far more complex and powerful one day… And when that day comes, can you still beat them with all this make-believe stuff?
Kiana: I won’t give up.
Kiana: And it’s absolutely not just make-believe stuff.
Kiana: It’s what makes humankind who they are.
Puppet: …
Puppet: Haha… To be honest, you almost convinced me, Kiana.
Puppet: I envy you… You’re right, we’re nothing but the Honkai’s puppets… What binds us together is this obnoxious string…
Puppet: This is odd… Which side am I on? Is it because I’m dying that I’m having weird thoughts…
Kiana: …
Puppet: But the malice in human hearts won’t disappear…
Puppet: You’ll understand soon, Kiana… No, you’ve always known…
Puppet: There are still lots of tests waiting for you…
Puppet: …
Puppet: Uh… here he comes…
Puppet: The “golden” string… is already wrapped around me…
Kiana: …
The puppet hung her head in silence, quietly awaiting her ending.
At the last puppet, and the Theater where the curtain had fallen…
Kiana swung her sword.


A few weeks later…
Faint, still clouds dotted the sky, as if saluting the sight beneath.
Breezes brushed past blades of grass, as if whispering prayers to them.
“We are gathered here today in memory of our mutual friend and a perpetual heroine.”
Theresa gazed solemnly at those who were present from the front.
On the marble platform behind her rested a broken greatsword.
“I will not retell her life story nor enumerate her accomplishments.”
“Because we already know them by heart.”
“I only want to share the moments I spent with her.”
“When I first met her, she was a foot soldier in the Valkyrie Assault Squad.”
“She had childish eyes, like we once did.”
“But her eyes changed after a mission.”
“Back then, she had so many options.”
“I only offered another option… I offered her a post at St. Freya.”
“But I soon regretted my decision.”
“As a teacher, she would often be late for class, stay out all night, or have a hangover.”
“I confiscated so many things from her that they packed an entire storeroom.”
“Although the students liked her, she still gave me a headache. She surely wasn’t a model teacher.”
…
Theresa closed her eyes and the memories of those days recurred to her.
“But it was a teacher like her that saved her students.”
“It was a teacher like her that taught us the meaning of comradeship, fighting, and hope.”
“She showed us… all the beautiful things in the world.”
“No teacher was and never will be better than her.”
Theresa turned to face the marble platform.
“Himeko, this is a bottle of fine wine.”
“You were very upset when I confiscated it.”
“It is time I return it to its rightful owner.”
Theresa walked aside.
The confession of the breezes lowered the tenderer blades of grass.
Kiana walked up and gazed at the broken greatsword.
It once brushed past her. The crackling was still ringing in her ears.
“...”
She tightened her grasp on the vessel.
“Once, doubt made me make mistakes and fear made me lose myself.”
“It was you who lit up my world and showed me the way in the quietest of nights.”
“You told me how to carry on.”
“Miss Himeko.”
“The sky you left is as clear as ever. We will firmly follow the path you opened.”
…
Breezes have stopped praying. Silence settled over.
They walked up one by one to place their memories on the marble.
They were consumed by times that have gone, and seldom spoke for the rest of the mourning.
The sparse clouds disappeared unknowingly. The sky remained a clear blue until it was engulfed by starlight.
Kiana did not dream that night.


…
Mei looked up into the sky.
The stars were unusually bright that night, adorning the sky like frozen tears.
Certain that she was alone, she approached the broken greatsword.
The marble stood in a bed of flowers that represented memories.
Mei bowed slightly and walked to the platform.
“I’m sorry, Miss Himeko.”
“I’m sorry to come to you by myself at a time like this.”
Mei stood silently for a moment, as if weighing her words.
She had many things to say, but felt that doing so would deprive them of their meaning.
“I’ve always honored your teachings. They enabled me to stay true to my choices.”
“You told me how to protect another and follow through with my life.”
“And I did exactly that.”
Mei took a deep breath.
There were things she did not want to say yet.
“But actions speak louder than words.”
She placed a bouquet on the marble.
“...”
“Thank you, Miss Himeko.”
“It’s an honor to be your student.”
She bowed one last time. Her farewell shook the night air and the marble.
She then faded into the starry night.


“...”
“What is it?”
Seeing that Mei had come to him, the man sitting on a stone bench broke the silence.
She appeared to have changed greatly since they last met.
He knew she would come to him.
“The Herrscher of Domination was exterminated.” She said.
“I know.”
“Its Core went missing.”
“...”
“But that isn’t what I came for today.”
“What do you want to know?”
“When my Herrscher power clashed with the puppets, my consciousness was taken to an odd space.”
“It ought to be the source of Herrscher power. I sensed an unbounded consciousness enveloping it.”
“That consciousness tried to drill something into my head…”
“But its attempt was thwarted by the EM waves overflowing from my body.”
“...”
“Kevin, this confuses me.”
“If that will is supposedly the God of the Honkai…”
“Would it truly lose its control over its executant for this reason?”
The man did not expect her to ask such a question.
Since when had she perceived it to such an extent?
“As the last hero of the Previous Era who’s fought till this day, you’re bound to know something.”
Mei looked Kevin in the eye.
“How many more secrets are you keeping from my generation?”
“...”
The man remained silent. He was pondering.
“I want an answer.”
“Now.”
“...”
“Of course.”
He made a decision.
“You are now eligible.”
“Eligible?”
The man raised his hand to point in a direction. A lightless corridor meandered out from a corner of the sacrificial ground.
At the end of that darkness lay the beginning of the world.
“Eligible to seek the answer.”
…
Mei did not know how long she had walked. She was still surrounded by darkness.
It seemed as if the corridor stretched on and on, until it reached another space.
“...”
“...”
She felt something in the boundless darkness.
“...Oh, Kevin, Kevin.”
“Aren’t you a troublemaker?”
























Chapter XXV: EX
Immortal Blades


Act 1 - The Experiment and The Mission:
Gameplay EX-1 - Destiny:
[It birthed all creation]
[This much you should understand]
[I am the origin of all things]
[And I am the destroyer of all things]
6 AM.
The girl finished her warm-up, and turned off her personal fitness training device.
The device had been created nearly half a century prior, originally designed for astronauts. It included an air pressurisation system that could simulate a low gravity environment.
Some years later, a Valkyrie at HQ pulled this aging but unusually durable device out of storage, and began to use it in morning exercises.
That Valkyrie’s name was Ragna Lodbrok. She was one of the reasons the girl chose to become a Valkyrie.
Durandal: (21358 meters, feeling good today!)
Durandal: (While I’m at it, might as well do some tactical training.)
Robotic Voice: Warm-up begins. Please perform the tactical actions instructed.
Robotic Voice: Warm-up ended. Defeat enemies in your own way.
Her tactical training complete, the girl entered the simulated environment generated by the Seed of Sumeru, and capped off her morning exercise with some meditation.
And today, her meditation was accompanied by the Divine Key: the Abyss Flower.
This powerful weapon, reserved only for the strongest of Valkyries, had been given to the girl 3 years prior by the Overseer himself.
She had broken multiple records and became the youngest Valkyrie in history to reach both A-rank and S-rank.
Gradually, she became the most trusted second-in-command on the battlefield.
Yet, in her heart, the girl had a lingering sense of dissatisfaction.
The uneasiness wasn’t about the lifestyle she lived.
She understood well that from the moment she joined the Valkyries, she would live a certain kind of life.
She would carry the fate of the masses on her shoulders, and fight tirelessly for all that is good. She would spill her blood without hesitation.
The girl had accepted all of this. You could even say she learned to thrive in dangerous situations.
But the older she got, the more she had to face an uncomfortable realisation…
No matter what values you hold, sometimes you have to make trade-offs.
That is to say, when it comes to bearing responsibility and fulfilling one’s duty, sometimes one must take priority over the other.
And for the girl in particular…
It seemed that everything that she had experienced had been planned out by the Overseer.
From her journey to the Sea of Quanta to her encounter with the Pioneers… all of it was ordered by the Overseer.
Like Krishna guiding Arjuna in the Mahabharata, he seemingly molded her life with his own hands.
The girl was not sure that she could accept such a life.
Even though Arjuna was a hero whose name was known by all.
And despite the fact that until now, she had never felt dissatisfied with her life.
…
…
???: Bianka, I’ve returned.
A familiar yet unexpected voice shattered the silence of her meditation.
Durandal: Good morning, Overseer.
Otto: Hmph. You don’t seem at all surprised.
Otto: Not surprised that I came back, and not surprised that I called you by your old name.
Durandal: Why would I be surprised about something so trivial?
Durandal: Let’s get down to business. Do you have a new mission for me?
Durandal: Rita and Amber must have given you a report on recent events, even though technically you’re a “missing person”.
Otto: Haha. Your no nonsense attitude reminds me of the Bianka who had not yet become “Durandal”.
Otto: Always so serious… I really can’t picture you as a little girl.
Durandal: …I’ve always been this way. Whether I’m quiet or talkative, whether I show emotion or not, how is that relevant to anything?
Otto: In theory, you’re right. But the impressions you make on people also matter.
Otto: You might want to approach this next mission with a different attitude.
Durandal: …?
Otto: Because you finally have a chance to live up to the name “Durandal”.
Otto: Get ready. In half an hour, you’ll assist me with an experiment which will attempt to link the bubble universe to the Imaginary Tree.
The Overseer laughed, then abruptly turned and briskly walked away.
This was typical of the free-spirited Otto. He was in the habit of casually dropping big news like that.
The girl had believed that completing the mission she undertook at age 12 might take her whole life.
After all, returning the bubble universe in the Sea of Quanta to the Imaginary Tree was no easy task.
The world was born from the Imaginary Tree, flourished, withered, and finally disappeared back into the Sea of Quanta. This was a law of nature.
But three years ago, things began to change.
The Overseer announced the findings of his research on the Imaginary Tree to the girl and her adjutant.
From the Overseer’s perspective, the girls’ personal goals could all be subsumed into his master plan.
Then, two years ago, on an autumn day not too different from today…
The girl assisted the Overseer in seizing the 2nd Divine Key. During that experiment, they encountered a Project VALUKA enforcer from the Previous Era.
Ever since, the Overseer had been making rapid progress with his master plan. But even so…
The girl never imagined that things would happen this quickly.
She remembered their trip to the Sea of Quanta as if it was only yesterday.
Shakespeare, Miguel, Jimmy, and so many other interesting people… she wondered how their lives were in that other world.
Dr. Schrodinger and Shigure Kira… were they still wandering somewhere in the Sea of Quanta?
And what about that mysterious blade, called “Durandal”...
The Overseer creating a link between the bubble universe and the Imaginary Tree was her only hope to save them all.
And she might even be able to discover a new way for humanity to escape the Honkai.
For the past few years, the girl had tucked thoughts of this lifelong dream into a corner of her mind.
She never once thought the chance to fulfill her destiny would come this soon, and this suddenly.
The Overseer was right…
She should have a different attitude when facing this extremely important job.


Gameplay EX-2 - Outset:
When the girl entered the S-rank Valkyrie Command Center, a familiar figure had already arrived.
Rita: Ah, Master Durandal… I take it you’ve already met with the Overseer.
Durandal: Yeah. This news was a surprise to me.
Durandal: The Overseer disappeared one day, came back just as suddenly, and now he’s ready to run the experiment.
Durandal: …The whole thing seems hard to believe.
Rita: But it is the Overseer… hasn’t he always acted this way?
Rita: He has always viewed the world as a chessboard. All the people and things under his control are like the pieces.
Rita: For someone who thinks like that, results are the only things that matter.
Rita: After all, any value he placed on the process, he gave up many, many years ago.
Durandal: Rita…
Durandal: Why does the way you’re talking now remind me of the way Shakespeare and Dr. Schrodinger talked?
Durandal: Like… it has some deeper philosophical meaning.
Rita: Huh, you really think so?
Rita: Well I’m sorry, Master Durandal. Maybe I’m just nervous about this mission.
Durandal: Rita, you really…
Durandal: Isn’t it normal to be nervous in this situation?
Durandal: After all, this involves countless real human lives in another dimension. If I were to make an analogy…
Durandal: In many ways, a small village deep in the mountains cannot be compared to a bustling city.
Durandal: Yet the village also has its own past, present, and future.
Durandal: Now suddenly, we have a chance to alter the fate of everyone there. Who wouldn’t be nervous?
Rita: Oh. Is that the reason you’re suddenly so talkative, Master Durandal?
Durandal recalled the way she was several years ago. Back then she was irritable, rather short in stature, and extremely talkative.
That girl seemed to be a completely different person than the Durandal of today.
Durandal: Rita… I…
Rita: What is it, Master Durandal?
Durandal: It’s nothing. Not worth talking about.
The girl started to speak, then hesitated.
If it had been several years earlier, she would have openly talked to Rita about how her personality had changed.
But that girl was long gone.
Rita: …
Rita: Master Bianka… If this mission goes smoothly…
Rita: Then afterwards, let’s take half a day off and go for a drive. What do you think?
Durandal: Huh? Well, if it doesn’t affect our work, then I guess we could…
Rita: As for where we should go… How about Naples? It’s not far from the Floating Isles.
Going for a drive. Naples.
The girl suddenly remembered that on their adventure 5 years earlier, Rita had suggested something similar.
“The next time we get a chance, we should go to Naples at night and have some fun.”
Durandal: …Yeah.
Durandal: Sure.
Durandal: If the Overseer’s experiment can really help those people in the bubble universe…
Durandal: Then we can drive to Mt. Vesuvius together.
The girl smiled and agreed that it was an unusual suggestion for an S-rank Valkyrie to make.
Half an hour later. Schicksal Floating Isles. Special-purpose lab for the 2nd Divine Key [Cosmic Juggernaut].
Otto: Excellent. Everyone is here on time.
Otto: Durandal, Rita, Nagamitsu, Amber… I appreciate you all looking after HQ in my absence.
Rita: No problem at all, Overseer.
Durandal: We were just doing what we should.
Nagamitsu: That’s right. Also, Mr. Otto…
Nagamitsu: You can continue speaking for a while. The spacetime manipulation system needs 5 more minutes to warm up.
Otto: Haha. Looks like the only one who’s not on time is the machine.
Otto: Well then, I’ll use this time to familiarise everyone with the processes involved in this experiment.
Otto: Everyone should have a solid understanding.
Otto: At first glance, the 4 dimensional spacetime we inhabit seems flat and empty. Yet in higher-dimensional realms, it contains many unimaginably complex structures.
Otto: People of the Previous Era had two descriptive names for these structures: the Sea of Quanta and the Imaginary Tree.
Otto: In the Sea of Quanta, all beings and things decay as time progresses, until everything has disintegrated into chaos.
Otto: The world of the Imaginary Tree does not share this fate. But there, Honkai events are a frequent occurrence.
Otto: In essence, that is because the concept of “time” in each realm is fundamentally different. But this isn’t what we’ll be focusing on today.
Otto: Today’s experiment will attempt to link a bubble universe within the Sea of Quanta back to the Imaginary Tree, saving it from the extinction to which it is ultimately destined.
Otto: Now that we’ve done extensive research on the 2nd Divine Key and obtained technical assistance from the World Serpent, Schicksal must make use of this technology.
Otto: If we do so, in the not too distant future, we will be able to change the fate of…
Nagamitsu: The spacetime manipulation system is ready! Mr. Otto, the experiment can begin any time!
Otto: Well, looks like I’ll have to be brief in my explanation.
Otto: To make a long story short, the subject of our experiment will be a special bubble universe contained within Durandal’s body.
Otto: We will depart from the Sea of Quanta, seek a passage leading to Imaginary Space, and then try to artificially link it to the Imaginary Tree.
Otto: So, Durandal, you will need to enter the dimensional portal generated by the 2nd Divine Key yourself.
Durandal: …Okay!
Otto: This time you will be equipped with an upgraded [Genius+] spacetime exploration unit.
Otto: Nagamitsu will use it to maintain communications with you while you are in complex spacetime environments.
Durandal: Got it.
Otto: Due to the great significance of this experiment…
Otto: Rita and Amber, you will stay here to manage and coordinate operations.
Otto: And I will accompany Durandal to the portal.
Durandal: …Huh?
Otto: Hehe, I guess this is the first time we’ll be officially working side-by-side.
Otto: I’ll need your assistance… Bianka “Durandal” Ataegina.
Otto: Fade now, lingering shadow of the world.
Otto: No one can get in my way.
Otto: Interesting place.
Otto: Fragmented info from the real world is reorganised and built into a unique set of rules and structures.
Otto: …Just like life.
Otto: Absorbing everything one can touch within the limited time…
Otto: To form one’s personality and character.
Otto: So this is what it feels like in the Sea of Quanta… Not so different than being weightless.
Durandal: Please try to stay close to me, Overseer.
Durandal: According to Nagamitsu, objects floating in the Sea of Quanta far from a bubble universe are at risk of decaying into nothingness.
Nagamitsu: But because Mr. Otto’s body is made out of Soulium, the risk is very low.
Otto: But if we lose connection with the outside world, we do have a problem. After all, I already transplanted my consciousness into this body.
Durandal: Huh? Isn’t that…
Nagamitsu: Nothing we can do about that. Even though I spent two years improving the Genius+, it doesn’t support real-time consciousness projection.
Nagamitsu: There’s just not enough bandwidth.
Otto: No problem, I won’t hold you back in battle.
Durandal: You must be joking, Overseer. You would beat me in a one-on-one fight.
Otto: Haha, I doubt I could defeat you in a fair fight. In fact, it would be no contest.
Otto: As of this moment, you are Otto Apocalypse’s most reliable partner in this adventure.
Durandal: …
Otto: Haha, seems that made you uncomfortable.
Otto: Well then, enough chit-chat, it’s time to take the first step of our journey.
Otto: Let’s go!


Gameplay EX-3 - Theater:
Durandal: This place is…
When leaping between dimensions, one’s consciousness is sometimes affected by dream-like interference.
For the girl, it came in the form of images of gallows, remains of Honkai beasts, and unfamiliar purple flowers.
These were certainly not images from her own memories. They might have been residual data in the Sea of Quanta. Or maybe…
Otto: Looks like we are already close to our destination.
Otto: This is the Theater of Domination, a space created by the 10th Herrscher not long ago.
Otto: Although the 10th Herrscher is gone, I’m thinking of a way to preserve part of what’s here.
Durandal: Will that help us establish a connection with the Imaginary Tree?
Otto: Exactly. How much do you know about the 10th Herrscher… The Herrscher of Domination?
Durandal: I read the research materials provided by Anti-Entropy and the World Serpent.
Durandal: That Herrscher is an aggregation of multiple consciousnesses. It can construct unique dimensions in the gaps within spacetime, unlike the Herrscher of Domination of the Previous Era.
Otto: You know enough, then. After all, we won’t encounter the Herrscher of Domination, but merely what it left behind.
Otto: In order to control its minions from this place, the Herrscher made use of the Imaginary Tree’s power to create a link between the two universes.
Otto: And this resulted in…
Otto: Even though the 10th Herrscher no longer exists, and the Theater of Domination is about to sink into the Sea of Quanta…
Otto: For the moment, it still retains its connection with the Imaginary Tree.
Durandal: So you quickly assembled everyone to begin the experiment…
Otto: Yes. Time waits for no man.
Otto: Although it will sink into the Sea of Quanta, the process isn’t instantaneous.
Otto: But before we attempt to intervene in the “Honkai Persona”, we need to have a firm grasp of the technology and resources at our disposal.
Durandal: I understand. But Overseer…
Durandal: Does the “Honkai Persona” really exist? I always thought it was just hypothetical.
Otto: Before this century, it was indeed just hypothetical.
Otto: But during the 2nd Eruption in the year 2000, I made contact with a consciousness so enormous that it defied common sense.
Otto: This consciousness could confuse humans by bombarding them with excessive amounts of information… It could take the entirety of human knowledge and force it into your brain in an instant.
Otto: Unless they took preventative measures, humans could not communicate with it as equals.
Durandal: Then…
Durandal: Hold on, if this is really the “Honkai Persona”, that means it’s basically invincible.
Otto: Yes. If it really had that kind of power, it could extinguish civilisation whenever it wanted. Trying to revive humanity would be pointless.
Otto: So either its hatred of humanity is not so deep, or it’s not as invincible as it seems.
Otto: …But I digress. No matter what, humanity must use everything at its disposal to have a chance at victory in this uneven struggle.
Durandal: And the experiment we will undertake today is a rare opportunity.
Otto: Absolutely. Now, in describing the relationship between the two worlds, we can call our own world “base reality”.
Otto: The “Honkai Persona” controls the link between base reality and the Imaginary Tree, affecting the natural cycle of Honkai energy. Humanity is suffering as a result.
Otto: So, for the upcoming experiment… If everything goes well, we might be able to rid ourselves of our shackles, and establish our own connection with the Imaginary Tree.
Otto: If successful, Humanity can turn the tide against the Honkai without a fight.
Durandal: …But you said “if everything goes well”.
Otto: That’s true. Cutting-edge experiments are rarely successful, and the future is even more unpredictable.
Otto: But if we get any positive results from this adventure, at least you’ll be able to face Kevin with confidence.
Durandal: Are you talking about the ultimate purpose of the World Serpent, “Project STIGMA”?
Otto: Of course. The frightening thing about Project STIGMA is that it could redefine the rules by which the world operates.
Otto: If the other side can create their utopia, and we cannot, then sooner or later the world will become as they envision.
Otto: Since none of us wants the grim future imposed by the Previous Era, we must find a way to create our own “utopia”.
Durandal: That is to say… If I have a bubble universe within me, and in today’s experiment we can safely link it to the Imaginary Tree…
Durandal: Then in the future, we’ll have the resources needed to refuse Project STIGMA.
Otto: Yes. But as you know, among all the schemes for opposing the Honkai…
Otto: There are none that are guaranteed to succeed.
Nagamitsu: Hey… Mr. Otto!
Nagamitsu: Isn’t today the day that Durandal will gloriously complete her mission? What’s with the negativity?
Nagamitsu: You should learn how to quit while you’re ahead.
Durandal: But what he’s saying is true. And the truth shouldn’t be avoided.
Nagamitsu: But we are not yet at the point where we have to make a choice…
Nagamitsu: Today, there’s no need for you to…
Durandal: Uh… Thanks for your concern, Nagamitsu.
Durandal: But…
Durandal: Failure is not an option in missions given to S-rank Valkyries.
Durandal: And I’m used to living dangerously.
Otto: …Hahahaha!
Otto: Good, that’s the spirit!
Otto: Durandal, rightfully known as the most powerful Valkyrie of Schicksal. Your devotion to the cause hasn’t wavered one bit.
Durandal: Overseer, please stop with the flattery. It seems you’re a bit over-excited today.
Otto: Heh. I could go on and on…
Otto: Nagamitsu, please explain in detail the steps involved in the experiment. Your Overseer will keep his mouth shut now.


Gameplay EX-4 - Good Luck:
Two contrasting figures made their way through the ruins of the Theater side-by-side.
One carried themselves in a carefree manner, while the other had an air of earnest determination.
One had seen 500 years of change, the other only had 10 years of memories.
The two had little in common, but at the moment, they were the iconic figures of the Schicksal organisation.
Before, Otto had made use of an “advisory council” to deal with trivial day-to-day issues, while he used the time to carry out various kinds of secret research.
But when the North American Branch broke off to form the independent “Anti-Entropy” organisation, which would become a rival to Schicksal…
Otto simply kicked out the advisory council, and used a more efficient way of maintaining stability.
And it was then that the Schicksal Valkyries, once a secret weapon, took center stage.
From Squad Snowwolf to the Immortal Blades, one outstanding figure after another joined Schicksal, encouraging more girls to join the battle.
Otto: I can only accompany you this far. The way forward is only open to those who have undergone fusion with extra dimensions.
Durandal: This is also where Nagamitsu’s instructions ended. Do we really not have any intel about what lies ahead?
Nagamitsu: These spaces close to the Imaginary Tree are completely unexplored.
Nagamitsu: Your current location is still under the influence of the Sea of Quanta. If you go any further, you’ll be completely within the realm of the Imaginary Tree.
Nagamitsu: The only thing we’ve been able to establish through our calculations is that you’ll be able to move around normally in that realm.
Nagamitsu: I’m sorry that I cannot provide other useful intel for the grand finale of this experiment.
Durandal: It’s okay. There’s always uncertainty when doing an experiment.
Durandal: Like the adventure Rita and I had 5 years ago… it yielded results far beyond what anyone had anticipated.
Durandal: In today’s experiment, you’ve done all you can to ensure that the bubble universe inside me will remain intact under all circumstances.
Durandal: So, from my point of view, all the unacceptable risks have already been eliminated.
Durandal: …Overseer, I’ll be back soon.
Otto: Have a good journey.
Without any hesitation, the girl stepped into the wormhole linking the different dimensions.
Behind her, the Overseer’s expression looked simultaneously gratified and melancholy.
Otto: (Over the past ten years… you’ve made this extraordinary journey possible…)
Otto: (...Bianka Ataegina.)
Otto: …Nagamitsu.
Nagamitsu: What is it, Mr. Otto?
Otto: If we can use the Genius device to receive the data collected by Durandal, our experiment will be a success.
Otto: As for whether she can restore the link between the bubble universe and the Imaginary Tree with her own power…
Otto: Well, you understand. This isn’t critical for our plans.
Otto: I need to be able to fold, cut, and reconstruct the power of base reality. The fate of the bubble universe has little effect on that.
Nagamitsu: So you’re saying… if Durandal spends too long in the Imaginary Tree, we’ll just initiate a forced recall with the Genius device?
Otto: Of course. We don’t have any way of communicating with her in real-time. She understands that we can’t wait for her indefinitely.
Otto: But there’s no need to be pessimistic. After all, didn’t you give her some help?
Nagamitsu: Hahaha… I’ve been found out. But I was just testing the waters.
Nagamitsu: How should I know whether it will really work?
Otto: It will work. You should know that the other side is also made up of excellent Valkyries who were once under my command.


Gameplay EX-5 - Vacant:
Durandal: Imaginary Space…
Durandal: The Overseer said that this is the origin of the universe and where all laws intertwine.
Durandal: Time means something very different here.
Durandal: Movements are not governed by physics here.
Durandal: This is the other side of the world, built upon rules above rules.
Durandal: …But I must press on no matter what.
Durandal: For this might be the only chance.
In seemingly boundless empty space, the girl had to rely on her Genius device to find the way.
42768 steps, 42769 steps…
The girl felt that as soon as she stopped counting, time would gradually begin to lose all meaning in this place.
61293 steps, 61294 steps…
Durandal had probably walked the distance of a marathon, yet she did not feel any fatigue.
There was still nothing but emptiness in every direction.
She began to feel anxiety creeping up on her. She was worried about the reliability of the plan, and wondered if the spacetime asymmetry would cause everything to lose its meaning.
The girl took deep breaths, regulating her heartbeat, and expelling all unwanted thoughts from her consciousness.
Although what surrounded the girl could more accurately be described as the ether rather than air, she didn’t need to breathe to stay alive.
???: ▒▇░▒▇▒▇░▒▇▒░▒━
She heard a faint, indistinct sound coming from far away, in the same direction that the Genius was leading her.
Well… to be precise, this space had no medium through which sound could pass. So the noise must have manifested itself directly in her brain.
???: ░▒▇▒▇▒▇░▒░▒▇━
She could not make out what was being said. But at the end, she was sure she heard something calling her name.
Whatever it was, it recognised her.


Gameplay EX-6 - Sugars:
???: (You really came…)
Not long before, the girl and her companion had arrived at the designated location, perplexed as to why they had been led there.
The location data had been transmitted through the ether via a mysterious signal. The message was clear: Bianka Ataegina would appear here, carrying the bubble universe.
Who made this prediction? What was their purpose? The girl and her companion had no idea.
It was clearly not Bianka or Rita’s prediction. The message even stated that it would be a surprise for the Valkyries.
Was it transmitted by the Schicksal Overseer? No, Otto would never use this kind of method. He liked to be in control of the situation.
Then… could it have been sent by the residents of the bubble universe? This was even more unlikely. They had naturally lost connection with the Imaginary Tree, and thus didn’t have the capability to send messages to this place.
The visitors from base reality were getting closer.
There was the characteristic radiation of a living organism here. And only one possibility for what was emitting it.
???: Hey, old partner…
???: Bianka! Can you hear me, Bianka?
Shigure Kira: It’s me, Shigure Kira! I’m here!
Shigure Kira: Both Shigure Kira and Niggurath are here!
She couldn’t help but laugh.
Her partner had good intuition, but she didn’t need any warnings from her.
Just as the 7 colors combined form both black paint and white light, all possibilities manifesting simultaneously can form the void of empty space.
But, when potential and manifest beings interact, the original void will transform into something else.
???: Welcome to the spiritual realm of the Sugars, the Candy House.
???: In our language you can call us “Brown Sugar” and “Crystal Sugar”.
Shigure Kira: Hey, Niggurath, that’s not how you greet old friends.
Shigure Kira: Hi, Bianka. It’s so good to see you again. Did our presence here startle you?
Durandal: Yeah… I really wasn’t expecting to run into you here, Shigure Kira.
Durandal: And um… Ms. Niggurath? Sorry, I don’t understand how extraterrestrial beings typically develop.
Niggurath: Hey, it was only this year that I grew into this form. It’s all Kira’s fault, thinking that my dormant state was my final form.
Shigure: Hey, I’m still stronger than your species, whose natural instinct is to play dead.
Durandal: Uh… Looks like you two get along great.
Shigure Kira: Sigh… we get along okay. Our relationship has its ups and downs, but we go way back.
Niggurath: Past events always have past causes.
Niggurath: Anyway, I’m getting off topic. Two weeks ago, we received a message that contained a prediction. The message said you would arrive here at this moment.
Durandal: …Huh?
Shigure Kira: Someone was telling us that you would come here today and attempt to link a bubble universe to the Imaginary Tree.
Durandal: Yes, as part of the Overseer’s experiment. Did you two come here just to wait for us?
Shigure Kira: Haha, of course. We’ve learned how to make use of the Imaginary Tree. To a certain extent, we can transform the dimension in which we exist.
Durandal: Who do you mean by “we”?
Niggurath: Oh, two years ago she passed Konpeito’s exam, and officially joined the Sugars.
Niggurath: When that bubble universe entered your body, Dr. Schrodinger returned to the Sea of Quanta, and Kira was launched into a dimension within the Imaginary Tree by an energy fluctuation.
Niggurath: Maybe it was just good luck, or maybe it was predestined.
Niggurath: Before our souls were torn into fragments by the void, we passed by the Candy House and they saved us.
Shigure Kira: The Candy House is not only the home of the Sugars, but also a sanctuary made out of a bubble universe.
Shigure Kira: Whenever the Sugars face a crisis, they reestablish a link with the Imaginary Tree, and switch to a different dimension.
Niggurath: Because the Candy House is such a small bubble universe, when we alter the link to the Imaginary Tree, we do not suffer the effects of Honkai fluctuations.
Durandal: …So such a thing has been done before.
Shigure Kira: But Bianka, the opinion of the Sugars is that the bubble universe inside you…
Niggurath: I’m afraid its potential to cause problems is many orders of magnitude higher than that of the Candy House.
Durandal: Why?
Niggurath: It’s mainly a problem of scale. As far as we know, there are two ways to prolong the existence of a bubble universe: through brute force or by using a workaround.
Niggurath: The brute force method involves continuously pulling in energy from the outside to counter the natural decay of the Sea of Quanta.
Niggurath: When using this method, the bigger the bubble universe the better. The ratio of surface area to volume decreases with size.
Niggurath: At a large enough scale, a universe will naturally achieve an energy balance. It will float around in the Sea of Quanta almost indefinitely.
Niggurath: Of course, if the bubble universe absorbs too much Honkai energy using this method, it will cause other problems. Like what you and Kira have seen in the past.
Durandal: …I think I get it.
Durandal: So, I’m guessing the Sugars use the other method… the workaround.
Niggurath: That’s right. Once a dynamic link has been established with the Imaginary Tree, we use the Tree’s support to stop the decay process.
Niggurath: This method works by deceiving the Imaginary Tree. We attach the target to another universe, and hope that it will be accepted as a “newborn universe” that needs support.
Niggurath: It’s like grafting a branch onto a tree. The bigger the branch, the more difficult it is to successfully attach.
Niggurath: Therefore, when using this method, the smaller the bubble universe the better.
Durandal: So it sounds like the two methods are basically opposites.
Shigure Kira: Yeah. And as Dr. Schrodinger would say…
Niggurath: The bubble universe in your body was originally designed using the “brute force” method, together with the Selene’s prototype system that eliminates excess Honkai energy
Niggurath: Unfortunately, because Honkai energy would corrode the ether anchor, it needed to be anchored within your body to prevent it from disintegrating.
Niggurath: Now we want to change course and switch to the “workaround” method. We just need to do a large amount of calculations to work out the details.
Durandal: That means…
Niggurath: Durandal. That blade of yours that is autonomous…
Durandal: The holy blade has maintained the stability of the bubble universe, as well as its connection to me.
Durandal: It’s just that ever since we were separated, I’ve never been able to establish any form of communication with it.
Durandal: I can sense that it is working strenuously somewhere on the other side of the world. But besides that, I can’t tell you much about it.
Niggurath: …I see.
Niggurath: Then I guess we only have one option.
Shigure Kira: You mean using the power of the Sugar Key?
Niggurath: Otherwise how can we establish communications across the inversion anchor? Although I do feel sorry for Konpeito, we must do whatever is necessary.
Shigure Kira: He spent decades of his life getting that thing fixed. We’d better be careful when we use it.
Durandal: Um… What are you guys talking about?
Shigure Kira: Ah, the Sugar Key is an ancient relic passed down among the Sugars. It was once used to make the Candy House itself.
Shigure Kira: Konpeito said that years ago, a certain human gave it a name similar to Schicksal’s Divine Keys. He called it the “Alien Key”.
Niggurath: Ah, that was the guy who betrayed us and damaged the key.
Niggurath: It’s that kind of human scum that made it necessary for Kira to go through a three-year observation period before she could join the Sugars.
Durandal: …Humans can indeed be very complicated. I often struggle to understand what other people are thinking.
Durandal: I really want to get Rita’s help, but usually she just gives an answer like “Don’t worry about it, it’ll be fine”.
Niggurath: Hahaha… Actually, this makes you more trustworthy in the eyes of the Sugars.
Niggurath: I’m going to begin preparations for using the Sugar Key, I’ll leave you two to catch up for a while.
Shigure Kira: Thank you, Niggurath.
Niggurath: No need to be so polite. I’m sure that in a while we’ll be arguing again.


Gameplay EX-7 - Communication:
Durandal: …Niggurath would be compatible with Blade Durandal.
Shigure Kira: Haha, I think so too.
Shigure Kira: Speaking of which, Bianka… you’ve grown a lot taller. And it seems you’re also more sure of yourself.
Durandal: Haha. You could also say I’ve become more stubborn. In Schicksal, I don’t exactly have the reputation of being easy-going.
Shigure Kira: …No way! Why do I feel like you’re the most laid-back? Although when you’re on business, I also get the sense that you’re very… opinionated.
Durandal: You said it yourself. It’s the same when it comes to working with S-rank Valkyries. If I could choose who to work with, it would be someone like Rita.
Shigure Kira: …Wow. You’re both S-rank Valkyries now? Just like Master Cecilia and Master Theresa back then!
Durandal: I wouldn’t go that far. And besides…
Shigure Kira: What is it? Something embarrassing?
Durandal: …Ah, it’s nothing actually.
Durandal: About three years ago, the Overseer granted me the right to use the Abyss Flower.
Shigure Kira: Wow! You mean Master Cecilia’s Abyss Flower? You deserve it, Bianka! Great job!
Durandal: …Thanks. But I just feel like I’m borrowing it from Cecilia.
Durandal: Even though a Divine Key is a Divine Key, and not something just anyone can wield…
Durandal: I’ve always felt that the weapon was still connected to Cecilia somehow.
Shigure Kira: Yeah… I think that’s normal. Before her, it had been a long time since someone had the power to control the Abyss Flower.
Shigure Kira: But you know what? Even for Master Cecilia, becoming the owner of the Abyss Flower put her under a lot of pressure.
Durandal: Why? Wasn’t she highly compatible with it?
Shigure Kira: Well, purely in terms of adaptability, I think you might be better than Cecilia. I’ve been corrupted by it before, so I know what I’m talking about.
Shigure Kira: Listen, Bianka. The problems Master Cecilia faced at the beginning were identical to yours but just the opposite.
Durandal: Identical but just the opposite? What does that mean?
Shigure Kira: …I guess the Overseer never mentioned it to you.
Shigure Kira: Before Master Cecilia, several owners of the Abyss Flower were all expelled from Schicksal for various reasons.
Durandal: Then…
Shigure Kira: Maybe you’re aware that the Abyss Flower was pulled out of the North Atlantic in the 1970s.
Shigure Kira: This event was directly related to Dr. Schrodinger’s past.
Durandal: Are you talking about her betrayal of Schicksal? Rita told me about that.
Durandal: That year, when she said Overseer Otto was her mortal enemy… I think everyone believed it.
Shigure Kira: Did you know that the strongest Valkyrie at the time, the wielder of the Abyss Flower, joined Anti-Entropy? And that it led to her death?
Shigure Kira: That was when the Abyss Flower sank into the ocean.
Durandal: …
Shigure Kira: You’ve heard that Valkyrie’s name before. She was called Reanna.
Shigure Kira: That’s right, the same as Dr. Schrodinger’s middle name. She took the name of the one who saved her.
Durandal: …
Shigure Kira: It’s a small world, Bianka. Although ordinary Valkyries know nothing about this, in those days, becoming the owner of the Abyss Flower wasn’t something to be taken lightly.
Durandal: To tell the truth, some of the more superstitious Valkyries consider it unlucky to this day.
Shigure Kira: But in hindsight, everyone thought the Abyss Flower was a symbol of Master Cecilia, right?
Durandal: That’s because Cecilia was so charismatic…
Shigure Kira: No, it wasn’t that, Bianka. Even though I consider myself Master Cecilia’s No. 1 fan…
Shigure Kira: Objectively, the Abyss Flower ws only her symbol because she owned it for such a long time.
Shigure Kira: Master Cecilia told me that…
Shigure Kira: …She always felt a kind of distance between her and the Abyss Flower. And it wasn’t just because of its reputation.
Shigure Kira: Actually, she felt that way because she revered its history. Like the attitude the Kaslanas have towards the Judgment of Shamash.
Shigure Kira: So, although you are coming from a very different starting point, your attitude towards it is not so different from hers.
Durandal: …I see. That’s really interesting.
Durandal: Kira… you’re like an older sister to me.
Shigure Kira: …Huh?
Durandal: What we just talked about… I wouldn’t find it interesting to discuss with Rita. And I wouldn’t want to bring it up with the Overseer.
Durandal: I feel like it’s something I can only discuss with you.
Shigure Kira: Haha… stop it, you’re making me blush!
Shigure Kira: Cough. Now… now that you mention it, we’ve been chatting for quite a while.
Shigure Kira: Niggurath, are your preparations almost complete?
Niggurath: Uh… sorry, guys. It seems that I’ve slightly messed things up. Or maybe it’s just a bug in the program.
Durandal: A bug?
Niggurath: Uh, the details aren’t important but… basically we’ve attracted some so-called “Imaginary Constructs” to the outside of the Candy House.
Niggurath: I need some help dealing with this, Bianka. If they’re able to infiltrate the Candy House, it’ll be a problem.
Durandal: Got it. So I just need to eliminate all the enemies?
Durandal: I like this kind of straightforward approach to problems.
Shigure Kira: Give it your all, Bianka! We’ll lend you our full strength!


Gameplay EX-8 - Immortal Blades:
Line after line of alien text rolled across the screen of Niggurath’s control console. It looked like she was running some rather complicated programs.
Niggurath: Thank you. That was a tough battle.
Niggurath: But I’m afraid you’ll have to wait a bit longer. Due to concerns about the stability of our communications channel, they’ve chosen to deal with some issues first before reestablishing communications.
Durandal: They? Are you talking about Blade Durandal? Have you already made contact?
Niggurath: Yes, the AI. It’s currently receiving the temporary link to the bubble universe broadcast by the Sugar Key, so it can’t switch to a human form.
Durandal: …Understood. I’ll just use this time to get in the right frame of mind… I mean, prepare myself psychologically.
Durandal: Anyway, I’m really grateful to have this opportunity today.
Niggurath: Hey, why are you being so modest? A friend of Kira’s is a friend of mine.
Niggurath: Huh? Wait a second…
Niggurath: Ah… excellent. Wow, that worked perfectly.
Durandal: What happened?
Niggurath: Success! It has received and implemented the connection protocol! There’s no time to lose, let’s try to communicate!
Durandal: Ah, hold on…
…
???: Testing, testing. Bianka, do you read me? If you do, please reply.
Durandal: …Loud and clear! I hear you loud and clear, Holy Blade Durandal!
“Blade Durandal”: Ah. It’s been years. You were a girl back then, and now you’re a young woman. Wonderful, wonderful.
“Blade Durandal”: What are your measurements now? Looks like you have nice proportions.
Durandal: …Hey!
Durandal: As soon as we establish communication, you say that kind of crap? Kira’s still here!
“Blade Durandal”: Ah… Sounds like Rita isn’t there, then.
Durandal: Yeah. But don’t worry, she’s done well these past few years. It’s just that she isn’t physically suited to getting close to the Imaginary Tree, so she’s not with me today.
“Blade Durandal”: Actually, just the fact that you were able to reach this dimension with their help is impressive.
“Blade Durandal”: But how do I put this… I’m pretty impressive myself. I’ve finished all my important work, so I have time to chat with you.
Durandal: …Huh? You’re done with your work? I thought we were just about to start the critical phase.
“Blade Durandal”: Hehe. That’s the power of a computer processor. I can do things at a speed you can’t even imagine.
“Blade Durandal”: But since this thing can’t be done perfectly, I’m afraid after today I won’t get much of a chance to come out and get fresh air. So I might lend out part of me.
Durandal: Uh… what do you mean “lend out part of you”? Are you talking about the gems you’re made of?
“Blade Durandal”: Ah, my fault. Sometimes my brain runs faster than my mouth. Well, in machine form, I guess I don’t really have a mouth…
“Blade Durandal”: Enough with the jokes. We likely have limited time to interact like this. You’d better let me analyse the whole situation again.
“Blade Durandal”: After operating for several years, I gradually became aware that the crisis in that bubble universe originated when it was born.
“Blade Durandal”: 50,000 years ago, to ward off the Honkai threat, humans were trying to discharge Honkai energy into a bubble universe in the Sea of Quanta.
“Blade Durandal”: But as the Herrscher destroyed their research center on the continent of Mu, they were unable to implement their plan. Luckily the ether anchor in the artificial bubble universe wasn’t damaged.
“Blade Durandal”: Humans then tried to turn the place they had been using as a “garbage dump” into a refuge that could be inhabited by humans… that’s the way we see it today.
“Blade Durandal”: While the project of turning the bubble universe into a sanctuary was somewhat successful, the equipment from when it was a garbage dump had to be left in place.
“Blade Durandal”: In the hands of a madman, this hidden equipment created a devastating tragedy.
“Blade Durandal”: Since then, the history of that world has been nothing more than a desperate struggle to survive.
“Blade Durandal”: Bianka, when you went on your expedition to that world, you not only sealed the fate of that madman, but also took responsibility for saving that world from collapse.
“Blade Durandal”: Just as Niggurath’s analysis predicted, the dimensions of the bubble universe hindered its reattachment to the Imaginary Tree.
“Blade Durandal”: Its “inversion baseline” still has to be anchored on a stable negentropy system. To put it simply, there is no way to complete the mission at this time.
Durandal: …That’s okay, I’ve prepared myself for this. Everything will be just like it was, right?
“Blade Durandal”: I’m afraid not.
Durandal: Eh?
“Blade Durandal”: Although my responsibilities haven’t changed… now you can share the burden that you once carried alone, Bianka.
Durandal: Do you mean…
“Blade Durandal”: Come. I’ll give you temporary access to the Sugar Key so you can experience it for yourself.
The girl nodded her head. Countless streams of data suddenly began pouring into her mind.
For an instant, she understood what the Overseer meant when he said “a consciousness so enormous that it defied common sense”.
But unlike what the Overseer had said about the Honkai Persona, this consciousness seemed to fill her mind with warmth and nostalgia…
…Like a birthday candle Rita lit for her on New Years Eve.


CG plays wherein the gems of Holy Blade Durandal coalesce, allowing Bianka to grip the blade once more:
Durandal: Thank you, True Immortal Blade.


“Calm yourself, resting place of the universe.”
“I am spacetime itself.”
“The source of the power that destroys all.”
“My role is to obliterate all universes.”
The girl felt a familiar power flowing through her body.
Five years earlier, she had used this power to cut through layered space, cutting a manifold that supported an entire continent free from the bubble universe.
In those 5 years, this power had been lying dormant not in base reality, but in a strange dimension within her body.
In terms of fighting capability, the girl who already possessed the Abyss Flower didn’t need assistance from the Holy Blade. But as the name she now went by demonstrated…
The Holy Blade Durandal had become a symbol of her life as a Valkyrie.
“Blade Durandal”: Now, after extracting my core, you can transfer the duty of protecting this world to any of your reliable colleagues.
Durandal: This way, more people can share the burden, right?
“Blade Durandal”: Well, strictly speaking, only one person at a time can assume the responsibility. But now you can take turns.
“Blade Durandal”: Through studying technologies that mimic the Sugar Key, I can now serve as an intermediary, and establish an indirect link between the bubble universe and the Imaginary Tree.
“Blade Durandal”: Although there is currently no way to realise our ultimate goal of an “independent bubble universe”, we don’t need to rely on your body to protect that world anymore.
“Blade Durandal”: Also, I’ve calibrated the Seed of Sumeru for you. That way, after you give my core to someone else, you will still be able to use the power of the Astral Harness for a short time.
Durandal: Huh… now that you mention it, the Astral Harness didn’t just disappear.
“Blade Durandal”: That’s right. Ultimately, the Astral Harness relies not on any particular bubble universe, but on the power of the Sea of Quanta itself.
“Blade Durandal”: But aside from these high-tech devices, where did that thing called the Seed of Sumeru come from? I want to find another one that I can use myself.
Durandal: …In your database, do you have a record of a hero named “Su” from the Previous Era? He was the one who entrusted the Seed of Sumeru to me.
Durandal: He said he once spent several thousand years implementing something called “Project VALUKA”. The development of parallel universes was observed in hopes of finding a way to counter the Honkai.
“Blade Durandal”: …I see.
“Blade Durandal”: I don’t have any information about that, but… if a person like that was willing to transfer the Seed of Sumeru to you… he must have found the answer he was looking for, right?
Durandal: It seems so. He said that in the end, Project VALUKA finally found the only answer.
Durandal: But he wouldn’t tell me any details. I gave the information he left behind to the Overseer, but he wouldn’t tell me anything either.
“Blade Durandal”: …
“Blade Durandal”: …
“Blade Durandal”: Hahaha. That’s very interesting.
Durandal: Huh? Have you guessed what it is, Durandal?
“Blade Durandal”: No, I have no idea.
“Blade Durandal”: It’s the fact that I don’t know that makes it so interesting. Isn’t it also this way for humans?
Durandal: I can only say that you have some strange ideas about humanity.
“Blade Durandal”: Aha, I’m not an organic lifeform like you. Some misunderstandings are normal, it’s what makes us unique.
“Blade Durandal”: …Sigh.
Durandal: What happened?
“Blade Durandal”: I’m getting a warning. In about 5 minutes, the status of the link between the bubble universe and the Imaginary Tree may become unstable due to a chaos phenomenon.
“Blade Durandal”: To ensure there are enough resources to respond, in the next three minutes, I must go and manually control some programs.
Durandal: …I guess that means that our time together is over.
“Blade Durandal”: Yes, it’s a shame, there’s a lot we didn’t get to talk about. Who won the Schicksal Championship? And what about the Anti-Entropy trophy?
Durandal: …
Durandal: You… You care about that? You’ve never seen a soccer game in your life!
“Blade Durandal”: So what? Hearing you talk about things unrelated to the Honkai is the greatest joy for me.
Durandal: Ah…
Durandal: I get it. Well… thanks.
“Blade Durandal”: Hehe. Miss Bianka is embarrassed. How cute.
Durandal: …
“Blade Durandal”: Well, I really have to go now…
“Blade Durandal”: Though in the future, people may have to sacrifice their lives… I believe that Pioneer has found the “only answer”.
“Blade Durandal”: I hope everyone continues to have faith in the world, their colleagues, and themselves. Time will prove them right.
“Blade Durandal”: Until we meet again, how about I give my physical form to you for safekeeping?
…
Shigure Kira: The signal disappeared.
Durandal: Yeah.
Durandal: We’ll definitely be able to meet again, right?
Niggurath: It’s good to be optimistic. Though I have a feeling that those people from the Previous Era are kind of scary.
Durandal: Haha. In the beginning, Dr. Su also threatened to lock me in his bubble universe.
Niggurath: …Sounds like that was a bluff. That kind of person wouldn’t change their opinion of you so quickly.
Shigure Kira: Then, Niggurath… where do you get the feeling that those people are scary?
Niggurath: I’m not sure.
Shigure Kira: …Huh?
Niggurath: It’s just a feeling. I thought it was better to tell you.
Durandal: Hehe, thanks.
Durandal: But when it’s time to meet my fate, I will not back down.
Durandal: At least now I don’t have to shoulder my burden alone.
Shigure Kira: Hey… maybe it’s not so good to say that. That’s exactly the way Master Cecilia thought about it.
Shigure Kira: For example, I really don’t want that sword of yours. You hold on to it, I don’t want a flood of random thoughts coming into my brain!
Durandal: Uh… I didn’t mean it like that…
Durandal: Sorry, didn’t mean to stress you out.
Shigure Kira: I just got a little excited. You don’t need to apologise. Long ago, you surpassed Niggurath and I in your skill as a Valkyrie. I trust your judgment.
Niggurath: Well, however you say it, the important thing is to get the message across, right?
Niggurath: Bianka knows that Kira is worried, Kira knows Bianka can behave herself. No need to dwell on apologies, the Sugars do not advocate such a thing!
Shigure Kira: Hehe, you’re right. Just call us anytime you need help, Bianka.
Durandal: Okay. And I’ll remember to not be so polite next time.
Durandal: …
Durandal: …
Niggurath: (...?)
Durandal: Then I guess that’s it.
Durandal: The bubble universe mission has entered a new phase. And we each have many more missions to complete.
Durandal: Since we can say that this experiment has come to an end…
Durandal: I guess I’ll start up the Genius device.
Niggurath: Leaving so soon? Won’t you sit down for a while and have some dessert?
Shigure Kira: Haha… Bianka’s always like this. She rarely gives herself time to relax.
Shigure Kira: “We don’t need formal etiquette to understand each other.” She’s always had this approach to life.
Durandal: Thanks for understanding, Kira.
Durandal: I hope to see both of you again.
Shigure Kira: Yeah! Next time, remember to treat me to a chocolate buffet!
Niggurath: That’s not enough… let’s go sing karaoke!
Shigure Kira: Then forget it, haha. I’m too self-conscious.
…
Niggurath: Her signal has completely disappeared from this space.
Niggurath: There’s something that can be inferred from her calculations that you didn’t bring up. I’m not sure you will have an opportunity to meet again.
Shigure Kira: It wasn’t the right moment. Besides…
Shigure Kira: …I think in some ways she is definitely different from Master Cecilia. She doesn’t need our help to awaken her power.
Shigure Kira: Although the road ahead will surely be difficult, she and Rita will do what they’ve always done… find a solution.
Shigure Kira: It’ll be alright.








Act 2 - The First Sign:
Gameplay EX-9 - Speech:
It was the day after the conclusion of the experiment.
Otto: Thanks to everyone’s hard work, yesterday’s experiment was a complete success.
Otto: Going forward… and I believe it won’t take too long… Schicksal will take a decisive step in the fight against the Honkai.
Otto: Of course, as I’m sure everyone knows: This kind of progress is bound to hurt a minority of people, and sometimes seems to harm the personal interests of most people.
Otto: But we must also see that these sacrifices are limited and temporary.
Otto: Perhaps Anti-Entropy will give us trouble, and I doubt we’ll get any material assistance from the World Serpent…
Otto: But as long as our Schicksal Fortress is still standing, humanity can look forward to a brighter future.
Nagamitsu: (Mr. Otto… Are you done with your speech? …Are you getting to the important part?)
Otto: …Sigh. Well, to make a long story short…
Otto: To ensure that future missions are carried out according to plan, as Overseer I will now declassify the identity of the last S-rank Valkyrie.
Otto: She will work closely with you in future missions, until my retirement.
Following Otto’s introduction, a new face appeared for the first time in Schicksal HQ.
Like the completion of the experiment, her appearance marked a new stage in the Overseer’s life’s work.
The dice had been rolled. The dusty old wheels of destiny began to turn once again.


Special CG [Pre-Revelation] plays:
Otto: In conclusion, I, Otto Apocalypse, resign as Schicksal Overseer and withdraw from the organisation, effective immediately.
???: Long time no see, Master Phoenix.
Otto: It’s time to fulfill our pact…
Otto: Old friend.
Otto: I’m coming…
Otto: Kallen.


































Enemy Archives 
Biologic
Vigiles
Schicksal Archives
A common zombie type with weak aggro and long attack preparation. Evade when she swings her scythe and avoid getting surrounded. The rest is pretty basic.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
It’s a required subject in the B-rank Valkyrie test. If you have any questions, just ask @Instructor Lewis.
   * HR Office
Instructor Lewis retired a few days ago. Who should I go to now?
   * Schicksal Intern
  


Praetorian
Schicksal Archives
A rare zombie type with strong aggro and complex moves. A-rank Valkyries or below should learn in battle sims before engaging them.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Master Rita, pls break down her scythe attack methods for us!! @Adjutant Rita Rossweisse
   * Susannah
Just practice more in the sim room, and don’t bother Master Rita with every little trivial thing. @Squad Phosdjinns
   * Matilla
 Her attack mode isn’t that complex, but your leader is right. Compared to words, battle sims can help you improve faster.
   * Rita Rossweisse




Sakura Guard
AE File
A mutated zombie type whose attacks deal Fire DMG. Be careful when engaging them.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The mutation turned their hair pink? That sounds familiar.
   * Kiana Kaslana
It happened to the Principal once, that and a pair of fox ears.
   * Bronya Zaychik
Ah! I remember now. She came at me with bared teeth and wanted a piece of me!
   * Kiana Kaslana
So that’s why you two locked me up in a cage?!
   * Theresa Apocalypse




Frost Guisarmier
World Serpent File
A mutated zombie type with ice damage attacks. Lure her into the enemy camp and her attacks can slow or even block the enemies for us to slaughter them easily.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Honkai energy made them capable of ice attacks… This kind of reminds me of Sire. Raven can catch one for me to have some fun with her.
   * Jackal
I’m not your errand girl
   * Raven




Ranger
World Serpent File
A common zombie type that shoots arrows from long range. Their arrows are easy to dodge, but still, better take them out first.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
I’ve always wondered if they cover one of their eyes to aim better or just look badass? @Raven
   * Jackal
?
   * Raven




Archer
AE File
A rare zombie type. Shoots fire arrows into the sky which form a flame zone after landing and deals DoT. Take them out first.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Why would they understand how the parabola works?
   * Kiana Kaslana
They don’t. It’s just an instinct instilled in them by the Honkai, just like human babies are born with the grasping reflex.
   * Bronya Zaychik




Frost Ranger
Schicksal Archives
A mutated zombie type whose arrows inflict Ice DMG. Getting hit multiple times will freeze you. Be alert against them.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Valkyries acting in squads should help teammates when they are frozen or the whole squad would be easily incapacitated.
   * Tactical Lab
Jun-Ninja
AE File
A melee zombie type wielding dual katanas to attack and block nimbly.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
They share the same haircut with mophead.
   * Frederica Nikola Tesla




Joyo-Ninja
AE File
A melee zombie type wielding dual katanas. Can blink to evade ranged attacks. Fight them in close range.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Bronya might have a hard time fighting them…
   * Seele Vollerei
Seele can cover for me when we run into them, right?
   * Bronya Zaychik




Kunoichi
AE File
A very rare and strong zombie type that can evade ranged attacks and block melee attacks. Apply crowd control first, or use the evade-and-counter strategy.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
A Positron Blaster would make all your problems go away. Use it to paralyze enemies and deal tons of Elemental DMG. Zombies and Honkai beasts would never wanna get near you!
   * Frederica Nikola Tesla
Please refrain from excessive and untruthful sales pitches. @Tesla
   * Archive Manager




Revenant
Schicksal Archives
A summoner zombie type that can summon two Vigiles to attack. Take out the summoner first.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The summoned zombies are for distractions mainly and deal little damage. Watch out for the Honkai beams from the summoner.
   * Tactical Lab 












Lich
AE File
A rare summoner zombie type that can summon two Praetorians to attack. Enemies will keep coming if the summoner is still alive after a period of time.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Her hairstyle reminds me of Dr. Tesla.
   * Lieserl Albert Einstein




Frost Lich
Schicksal Archives
A mutated zombie type that can attack with coffins to slow and deal Ice DMG.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
In the weapon performance trial, Fire Spirit Type-I penetrated their armor but the burning effect was weakened.
   * Weapon Lab
The modified Fire Spirit Type-II has better penetration and thermal radiation to shred this type of zombie with ease.
   * St. 7308 Labs




Razor Claw
World Serpent File
A commonplace zombie, aggressive and limber, uses claws to attack.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@Raven Don’t you have claws? Why don’t I ever see you use them?
   * Jackal
@Jackal why don’t we talk about your dog-face mask?
   * Raven




Dead Silence
Schicksal Archives
A powerful zombie. Not only skilled at healing allies, it also creates a yellow web to slow down enemies.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@Everyone Dead Silence has joined the Simulated Combat Room. Welcome!
   * Combat Simulation Room
Thank you, Simulated Combat Room.
   * Susannah








Nocturnal Knight[a]
Schicksal Archives
A special knight(-Class Honkai Beast). It can easily move around the battlefield and attack with its halberd and nimble mount. When its shield is broken, Nocturnal Knight will be paralyzed for a short duration. That’s the best opportunity to attack it.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
I think that its (it’s) riding skills… are no match for Durandal-sama
   * Susannah
I think that its (it’s) riding skills… are no match for Durandal-sama
   * Alvitr
(TN: Dudu simps, really…)


Psychic
Chariot
World Serpent File
The most common Honkai beast. Slow movement. Watch for its charged attack. Frequently spotted in Honkai-contaminated cities.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------These Honkai beasts are big and clumsy. If possible, @Raiden Mei and @Owl you two can help me catch one alive in the Coral Island op so that I may map the Honkai energy sources in the city.
   * Raven
You got it.
   * Owl




Alloy Chariot
AE File
Besides the highly mobile pounce attack, its battle roars can also be tricky to deal with. Avoid head-on confrontation and try to attack from the rear.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Anyone who has taken the battle roars head-on? We’d like to know how much damage they deal and how it feels.
   * Boss Strategy Division
How do I feel? Regret and more regret! I should never have done it. It’s been two weeks and my hearing hasn’t come back yet.
   * Anonymous














Blazing Chariot
AE File
Mutated Alloy Chariots with the same attack mode. The burning flames make it hard to fight in close quarters.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Repeat, don’t fight it up close, not even in a Titan. Mechs are hard to fix if overheated.
   * Mech Repair & Service






Frost Chariot
Schicksal Archives
Mutated Alloy Chariots with the same attack mode but deal ice damage. Mostly spotted in cold areas. Avoid fighting it up close and getting frostbite.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Cold areas? Seems like we’re unlikely to bump into them on Coral Island.  
   * Ana Schariac
(TN: Are u sure about that Ana?  )






Archangel
AE File
A small and common Honkai beast type that can fly.
Watch out for their wing cleaving attacks.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
They are low threats but usually appear in crowds. Sweep them with ranged mech fire first if possible.
   * Strategic Command






Cassiel
Schicksal Archives
An evolved Archangel type smart enough to keep a distance with the enemy and strike with good timing.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Can be tricky for melee Valkyries. Ranged Valkyries would have a much easier time handling them.
   * Tactical Lab








Scarlet Uriel
Schicksal Archives
A mutated Archangel type with Fire DMG attacks. Turns into flames after death. Remember to evade after taking them down.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Another melee-unfriendly type? Aren’t we supposed to train more ranged Valkyries? @HR Office
   * Tactical Lab
We would if we could. Girls these days are all hot for scythe and lance. No one is opting for cannon anymore.
   * HR Office
(TN: Dudu and Rita simps, really…)






Baradiel
Schicksal Archives
A mutated Archangel type with Ice DMG attacks.
Appears in crowds. Don’t get surrounded.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


This type was widely spotted in Siberia during the 2nd Eruption. The materials used to forge Crystal Edge were also found there and then.
   * St. 7308 Labs






Knight
AE File
A tricky Honkai beast type with high mobility. Attacks deal multi-stage damage. Avoid head-to-head confrontation.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Among current models, only a Padrino MFG’s can withhold against its charge attacks. If you’re not in a Padrino MFG, just run. Fixing a giant hole is expensive.
   * Mech Repair & Service


















Paladin
Schicksal Archives
A rare Knight type whose lance burns with Honkai energy flames. Highly dangerous. Use ranged attacks or attack from behind.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
It looks kind of badass. If I take down one, will I get a promotion?
   * Anonymous
The Honkai beast you’re facing is sharing the same thought.
   * HR Office






Frost Knight
Schicksal Archives
A mutated Knight type with Ice DMG attacks. Can launch air blades with the lance to freeze enemies.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
On Coral Island, the closer we got to the Herrscher of Ice, the more this type was spotted. Their number is definitely connected to the local Honkai energy intensity.
   * Alvitr






Templar
Schicksal Archives
A high-threat Honkai beast type whose shield can block physical attacks. Valkyries below A-rank should engage them in squads.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
It’s now a required subject in the A-rank Valkyrie test. Please be informed. @All
   * HR Office
What the…
   * Susannah


























Storm Templar
AE File
An evolved Templar type with enhanced defense and paralyzing attacks. Use Elemental DMG or attack from behind.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Lili Lili, this big bad Honkai beast can also retaliate with its shield!
   * Rozaliya Olenyeva
I can retaliate its retaliation.
   * Liliya Olenyeva
But what if it retaliates your retaliation against its retaliation?
   * Rozaliya Olenyeva
Kids these days.
   * Frederica Nikola Tesla






Rotary Wings
Schicksal Archives
One tricky Honkai beast. Agile in the air and attacks by throwing bombs and dive-bombing. Make sure to take cover in a fight.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@Everyone Take on Rotary Wings, now available in the Combat Simulation Room.
   * Combat Simulation Room
… I’d rather not!
   * Susannah






PSY: Goosefoot[b]
AE file
A strange Honkai Beast with goosefoot (thorns) growing all over its body. It can weaponise the goosefoot by firing it or quickly spinning its body. The Honkai energy it emits leaves traps in the surrounding area. It is immobilized when hit.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
It is covered in goosefoot(Thorns), giving it an intimidating look.
   * Seele Vollerei
Isn’t it like a giant top? Huh, here I thought I had a good idea…
   * Seele Vollerei
Huh? What’s Seele doing with a whip?
   * Rozaliya Olenyeva








PSY: Acidic Corrosion
AE File
A rare type of Honkai Beast that can emit acid-rain causing clouds of Honkai Energy stored in its body. It also compresses Honkai Energy for a sweeping attack.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
I want it in the lab. It’ll give me ideas for some new weapons.
   * Frederica Nikola Tesla
Keep this one in the lab further away from the mech storage. Thank you.
   * Mech Repair & Service






Corruption Manifold: Code 0
World Serpent File
It has been identified as the original form of the Enticing Corruption. Its physical form has only been detected in the Elysian Realm. It can use its powers to continue growing.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The jig is up. What now?
   * “Anonymous”
Eliminated them all.
   * [Anonymous]
Including the one staring at us?
   * <Anonymous>
Right
   * “Anonymous”
(TN: Who could these people be? WS agents?)






PSY: Patroller
AE File
A giant, soaring Honkai Beast. Normal attacks have little affect(effect) when it’s airborne. It houses smaller Shuttle Honkai Beasts in its massive mouth. The Patroller can command Shuttles to attack or defend. When all Shuttles are taken down, it drops to the ground and begins attacking.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Can Honkai Beasts… feel for one another?
   * Bronya Zaychik
It’s instinctually trying to eliminate threats. No evidence suggests it’s producing the Patrollers. Maybe they’re just part of its body.
   * Lieserl Albert Einstein






Corruption Manifold: Decolorization
World Serpent File
The important constituents of the Herrscher of Corruption, which can be seen in one of her physical manifestations in the Elysian Realm, are self-recovery, thirst for growth, and reliance on consuming data for power.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Actually, she’s pretty cute, especially those long, slender legs. What an unforgettable beauty.
   * The Great Magician Vill-V
Vill-V, are you serious?
   * Pardofelis
████████████████ █    ███
   * ██████████████              ██
██ love(Ely-) ████  (TN: In CN, the game files use the first word in Elysia’s name, which when directly TLed to EN, would mean love. Judging by the context, it seems that rather than just being someone randomly saying “love” In the file comments, it would make more sense if it were referring to Elysia instead.)




   * █████████████ 
………………
   * █████████      ███
█ Thank███ ……
   * █████████   ███████████████ 




Mecha
Titan
AE File
The signature move of Titans is gathering enemies around for a ground slam. AE’s general-purpose mech. Most were deployed in the Battle of Schicksal.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Ah? So… does this mean… I almost broke all of them back then?
   * Kiana Kaslana
No, Kiana, you DID break all of them.
   * Lieserl Albert Einstein


















Ancient Mech
Schicksal Archives
An early AE prototype mech model. AE’s mechs suffered heavy losses in the Battle of Schicksal. In future operations, Ancient Mechs and their successors, the Padrinos, might be mass-deployed instead.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


Rarely seen in battle and therefore intel is lacking. Hope our Valkyries in the frontline can help with this.
   * Tactical Lab






Padrino MFG
AE File
After suffering certain damage, Padrinos will enter an Iron Body state and become immune to any crowd control. Their shield can also absorb all frontal damage. This masterpiece from AE genius Dr. Tesla has put out stellar performances in rough battles.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Please stop rewriting the files using my account without permission. @Dr. Tesla
   * Archive Manager






Frozen Cruiser
AE File
A modified model based on the Titan. The left hand can launch gravity waves to gather enemies or energy waves to freeze enemies and follow up with powerful attacks.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Is it… purple?
   * Rozaliya Olenyeva
Is it… blue?
   * Liliya Olenyeva
It’s actually purplish blue.
   * Frederica Nikola Tesla


















Frozen Hammerer
Schicksal Archives
A modified AE model. Attacks can slow enemy movement. Only built to fight in a low-temperature environment.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Honkai beasts wouldn’t mind the cold, so this model works better against human enemies.
   * Tactical Lab






Flame Patrol - Supernova
Schicksal Archives
An AE model designed for certain battle environments. Highly heatproof and can deal fire damage. Better attack it from the rear.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@Weapon Lab Maybe we can take something from its weapon system?
   * Tactical Lab
Is our Aesir Baldr a joke to you?
   * Weapon Lab






Arc DEF: Riot
AE File
One of the most destructive melee models. Signature move: Slam the ground while releasing electric charges to deal tons of damage. Can also pull enemies close with shockwaves.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Also one of the most expensive. So handle them gently.
   * Mech Repair & Service






Shaman
AE File
A support mech model designed by AE in the early days that can make allies nearby immune to crowd control.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
An early prototype model with excellent support capacity, but its vulnerable structure made it uneconomical to deploy. Discontinued.
   * Mech Repair & Service








Wizard
Schicksal Archives
An AE support model which can boost allies’ Attack Speed. Pair it with melee mechs.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
It was probably designed for tactical assaults to aid melee mechs in breaking enemy defense. Prioritize them if spotted.
   * Tactical Lab






Arc DEF: Garrison
Schicksal Archives
An improved version of the AE support model. Besides buffing up allies, it can also protect itself with a sturdy shield.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The shield is pretty hard to break. Shouldn’t we develop some shielded mechs too? @Weapon Lab
   * Tactical Lab
Is our Heimdall a joke to you?
   * Weapon Lab






Lightning
Schicksal Archives
A ranged mech model with low mobility. Watch out for its dropping spot and don’t get smashed.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
I wonder just where they come from.
   * Weapon Lab
They can be dropped by AE dropships, AE aircrafts, AE satellites, and Welt Yang, who just pulls them out of thin air.
   * Tactical Lab






















Storm
AE File
A modified ranged mech model which can launch multiple paralyzing missiles to paralyze enemies up close.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
This model has a myriad of weapon choices and complex maneuvers. It’s mandatory for pilots to finish all training programs before battle deployment.
   * Frederica Nikola Tesla
Er… does this model have a tracker? Liliya and Rozaliya just took one from the hangar….
   * Theresa Apocalypse
The walls! Erect the defense walls! Red alert!
   * Frederica Nikola Tesla






Frost Rattler
AE File
A ranged mech model designed by AE for special combat environments. Can slow enemies down.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Mass-deployed in Siberia during the 2nd Eruption, but all were annihilated by the Honkai fission missiles launched by Schicksal.
   * Lieserl Albert Einstein






Shrapnel Rattler
AE File
An AE mech designed for large-scale demolition which can launch a special demolition pillar to blow up surrounding enemies and terrains.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Interesting design. What drove you to develop this model in the first place?
   * Erwin Reanna Schrodinger
Dr. Tesla couldn’t stand the slow progress of mining, so…
   * Liesert Albert Einstein
Typical Tesla.
   * Erwin Reanna Schrodinger














Storm Rattler
AE File
A bold merge of the Frost Rattler and Shrapnel Rattler models. A statement of Dr. Tesla’s “I want ’em all” design philosophy.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Hey.
   * Frederica Nikola Tesla
I mean, it’s a genius invention.
   * Archive Manager






Hellfire Mecha
Schicksal Archives
A very tricky ranged mech model with Fire DMG attacks.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Rarely spotted on the battlefield, but definitely one of AE’s most advanced and destructive models. Do your best to capture and retrieve if encountered.
   * Weapon Lab






Spider
Schicksal Archives
An AE self-explosion mech model. Cheap but very effective.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
In fact, it cannot tell friends from foes, so you can trick it to blast other enemies. If you can dodge quickly enough, of course.
   * Weapon Lab






























Arachnid
AE File
A self-explosion mech model made with leftovers from the Frozen-series. Leaves a slowing trail after the explosion that lasts long.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Reminds me of the school days when Tesla always experimented with leftover materials in the lab.
   * Erwin Reanna Schrodinger
You’re right. She’s still doing that now for the exact same reason as before.
   * Lieserl Albert Einstein
And that is?
   * Erwin Reanna Schrodinger
Insufficient funding.
   * Lieserl Albert Einstein






Frost Mech
Schicksal Archives
An AE mine mech model inspired by the Arachnid. Draws enemies within range and then self-explodes.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


To make sure enemies are drawn near, it won’t explode immediately when triggered, so if you have triggered it, escape the impact radius ASAP and you’ll be just fine.
   * Tactical Lab






Zomborg
AE File
A special zombie made by combining (it) with a mech.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Correction: A special mech made by combining with zombies.
   * Lieserl Albert Einstein


















Aesir Baldr
AE File
A large mech, courtesy of Schicksal. It is speedy, powerful, and versatile. A model with balanced stats across the board.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
I see. As far as the structure and performance goes, it’s a lot like Hephaestus’s design.
   * Lieserl Albert Einstein
Nonsense. Hephaestus ripped of(off) Baldr’s design.
   * Frederica Nikola Tesla






Asleikr Mystletainn
AE file
Mass-produced model using Aesir Baldr’s data. Quick attacker capable of a variety of combos, it mostly attacks with slashes. Schicksal has yet to popularize its use in combat for some reason.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
It couldn’t be that Schicksal ran out of money, could it? Hahahaha.
   * Frederica Nikola Tesla
Oh please, Dr Tesla, Schicksal is loaded compared to us.
   * Mech Repair & Service
@Frederica Nikola Tesla Whatever. Don’t forget to pay for this month’s mech maintenance, doctor.
   * Mech Repair & Service






Quantum
Void Taurus
AE File
Highly similar to the Chariot in terms of appearance and attack mode. The difference is that it can occasionally jump into quantum space and reappear for a surprise ground slam. Bad timing gets you hit hard.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
That sounds like… Seele playing hide-and-seek.
   * Bronya Zaychik
But… I won’t hurt you like they do…
   * Seele Vollerei










Void Hellion
AE File
A QUA Honkai beast type with lance weapons. High mobility. Thrusts deal high damage. Watch for its movement and don’t get hit.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
AE’s current mechs are not very handy against QUA enemies. @Dr. Tesla you should develop a new feature for mechs to tell enemies’ teleport locations.
   * Boss Strategy Division
Already on it!
   * Frederica Nikola Tesla






Void Gorgon
World Serpent File
A ranged enemy type in the Sea of Quanta. Summons quantum barriers to trap and blast enemies. Get out of the barriers quickly.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The archive is ready. Come and learn! @All
   * Jackal
Good job.
   * Gray Serpent
OK.
   * Owl
What is it?
   * Hare
What? This person does exist?
   * Raven






Void Chela        
Schicksal Archives
A highly dangerous QUA enemy type. Its clamps hit hard, and sometimes it dives underground, blinks to the sky, and falls down for a dive attack. Study its pattern or you’ll get easily knocked down.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
A crab?
   * Bianka “Durandal” Ataegina
Judging from its legs, it should be a stone crab belonging to the same genus as the king crabs I cooked for you last week, Master Durandal.
   * Rita Rossweisse




Spinning Shadow
AE File
A QUA enemy with a robust outer shell but soft inner body. It can use its palm-shaped head to grab targets, and can also retreat into its shell to roll over everything in its way.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
This Honkai Beast looks like a snail… it’s tough to deal with it when it keeps hiding in its shell.
   * Liliya Olenyeva
How about we try placing it under the sun? Maybe it’ll become an empty shell after a while.
   * Rozaliya Olenyeva
(TN: Rozaliya….. Seriously….)







Imaginary
Husk-Agnosis
(TN: This Enemy has no respective intro/archive for it)




Husk-Noumenon
(TN: This Enemy has no respective intro/archive for it)




Husk-Tautology
AE File
A mysterious construct fighting alongside (the) Herrscher of Dominance has appeared in the Theater of Dominance. Focus on slash ATKs and timing.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Much better than fighting puppets
   * Kiana Kaslana
Agreed.
   * Bronya Zaychik






Shell-Furioso
World Serpent File
An unknown enemy from the Elysian Realm. It’s reminiscent of the enemy that came from the imaginary gate. Armed with a violin-like weapon, its ability to attack the mind may have something to do with Aponia in the memory space.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
It’s… Noisy. And difficult to draw. But it won’t be in the studio, so it’s not an issue.
   * Griseo


Shell-Placido
World Serpent File
An unknown enemy from the Elysian Realm. It’s reminiscent of the enemy that came from the imaginary gate. It attacks the mind with chimes.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
… They look a lot like me, don’t they?
   * The Great Magician Vill-V
What do you mean by… “like”?
   * Mobius






Shell-Dolente
World Serpent File
An unknown enemy from the Elysian Realm. It’s reminiscent of the enemy that came from the imaginary gate. It can control similar creatures. It’s unclear if it has ever existed in reality.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
It looks like a conductor. If I were Eden… she’d get them to play beautifully, huh?
   * Elysia
It’s a shame. There is overlap between art and sin… but it isn’t something I’ve mastered directing.
   * Eden






Special
Ganesha
Schicksal Archives
Emperor-class Honkai beast. First sighted in India, 2012. Massive in size and highly destructive. Requires special forces or S-rank Valkyries to handle.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The Devourer cannon was developed from Ganesha’s tissue samples as a successful attempt to merge Honkai beasts with modern weapon systems, but the high R&D costs and the unreliable performance are hard to justify its mass production.
   * St. 7308 Labs


















Parvati
World Serpent File
Emperor-class Honkai beast with the ability to manipulate ice and snow. First sighted on the Christmas Eve of 1973.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The archive is ready. Come and learn! @All Sire has incorporated its genes inside him.
   * Jackal
Truly amazing.
   * Jackal






Aesir Heimdall
AE File
A giant mech excelling in combat designed by Schicksal. It enters Overdrive and its armor turns crisis red during intense combat.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
So it gets red with excitement? What is it, a lobster?\
   * Frederica Nikola Tesla






Huodou
Schicksal Archives
One of the beasts recorded in the books of yore, it was seen as a bad omen. Skilled at spitting fire to ATK.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Looks just like a normal cat, only a bit bigger.
   * Bianka “Durandal” Ataegina
This cannot be kept at home, Master Durandal.
   * Rita Rossweisse






RPC-6626
Schicksal Archives
Heavily armed anti-Honkai VTOL aircraft developed by Schicksal, used for air support in open spaces. Not recommended for rescue missions.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Why isn’t it recommended?
   * Susannah
It specialises in carpet bombing. There won’t be anyone to rescue after it’s done.
   * Tactical Lab


Bright Knight: Excelsis
Schicksal Archives
A virtual combatant based of(on) Durandal’s combat data, uses a lance to ATK. Training available soon.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
To Everyone: Henceforth, the Combat Simulation Room are(is) available by appointment only and require three-days advanced notice (requires notice three days in advance) to use.
   * Combat Simulation Room
Ahh? Why?
   * Susannah
There must be too many people going to the training room to take pictures with virtual Master Durandal.
   * Alvitr






Hellmaru
Schicksal Archives
Suspected to be the manifestation of the unfinished Previous Era 12th Divine Key. Sealed now. Sighted 500 years ago in the Far East.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
It was probably shaped by the inner darkness of the 12th Herrscher in the Previous Era. In other words, it would have taken a different form such as a dragon or snake if the Herrscher of Corruption was someone else.
   * St. 7308 Labs
Or some other form, like a performance sheet, or low quality steel, or bad WiFi connection.
   * St. 1504 Labs
...Nagamitsu-sensei.
   * St. 7308 Labs
































Herrscher of Sentience
AE file
The most popular Herrscher in history, a master of illusions, skilled in a variety of weapons to take down opponents gracefully, no question; the Herrscher of Sentience is the most powerful fighter in the world. What she has done for humanity… there aren’t enough words. And so, let us all pay our respects together in(by) saying long live the Herrscher of Sentience!
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Long live the Herrscher of Sentience!
   * Kiana Kaslana
Long live the Herrscher of Sentience!
   * Bronya Zaychik
Long live the Herrscher of Sentience!
   * Fu Hua
That’s strange, I didn’t write a message.
   * Kiana Kaslana
An account security risk was detected. Bronya suggests conducting a total system sweep.
   * Bronya Zaychik
…
   * Fu Hua






Assaka
AE File
A Honkai beast breed born during the 2nd Eruption. Can split into two individuals with varied attack methods.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Liliya, what if we can become one just like it? @Liliya Olenyeva
   * Rozaliya Olenyeva
If that happens, I can just leave the battle to you and sleep it off myself.
   * Liliya Olenyeva
That’s not how it works!
   * Rozaliya Olenyeva






















Jizo Mitama
AE File
The manifestation of the 12th Divine Key of the Previous Era nurtured by the Herrscher’s resentment and hatred. The armored samurai appearance can be found in many ancient documents in the Far East.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The Herrscher of Corruption… I saw how it happened in the Sea of Quanta. The lady named Sakura failed to save her sister in the end.
   * Seele Vollerei
This tragedy won’t repeat itself in our time. The Bronya will keep Seele safe at all costs.
   * Bronya Zaychik






Benares
AE File
A Judgment-class Honkai beast born together with Sirin, the Herrscher of the Void, during the 2nd Eruption. Reawakened in 2016 and died in the battle against Husk - Nihilus in Nagazora.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Why would it turn from such a savage beast during the 2nd Eruption into such a harmless pet in Nagazora?
   * Frederica Nikola Tesla
Maybe… she just wanted to return to the one she meant to protect.
   * Kiana Kaslana






Dominator Of Wolves
AE File
Massive lupine creatures that ATK by swiping and biting. When massive icicles and hail start appearing from the sky, head for cover!
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Liliya, did you hear something? Sounds likes(like)… it’s coming from up front…
   * Rozaliya Olenyeva
You’re hearing things, silly Roza, all that hammering has really messed with your head.
   * Liliya Olenyeva
















HoD Minion
AE File
A Herrscher made up of a legion of eerie puppets. Her wicked laugh pierces the ear as she looks for weakness(weaknesses) to exploit in her goal of making all humanity her puppets. The golden string, it’s already…
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
I get it, but why do they have to repeat every sentence?
   * Rozaliya Olenyeva
Maybe it’s for gravitas?
   * Liliya Olenyeva






Tlaloc
AE File
A mysterious creature that emerged from the Sea of Quanta after the Eye of the Deep was connected to the Sea. Defeated by Bronya Zaychik after she absorbed the Herrscher of Reason’s Core.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Our weapons didn’t even leave a scratch on it in the first encounter. How did Bronya take it down anyway?
   * Theresa Apocalypse
You might find it hard to believe, but it was actually a traffic accident.
   * Frederica Nikola Tesla






MHT-3 Pax
AE File
A heavy tactical weapon designed by Anti-Entropy. Remains only a blueprint, but Bronya Zaychik claims to have engaged the finished product in a bubble universe under the Sea of Quanta.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
So I’ve built such an awesome weapon in another world.
   * Frederica Nikola Tesla
According to Bronya’s account of the bubble universe, it had nothing to do with you.
   * Lieserl Albert Einstein












Hephaestus
Schicksal Archives
An airport defense mech developed by Dr. Tesla after the Battle of Schicksal, capable of military-grade destruction under the civil defense facade.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
This one feels different to the other AE mechs. How do I put it… I can see the overflow of the designer’s short fuse and destructive desire at the first glance.
   * Tactical Lab
Probably because this model was based on our Aesir Baldr.
   * Weapon Lab






Flame Chaser - Elysia
World Serpent File
Cute as a flower and good with a bow, attaches and detonates Crystalline Seeds while firing arrows. The explosions deliver a fatal blow and quite the fireworks display ♪
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
She’s quite the cute opponent, it makes for an interesting fight, no?
   * Elysia
Can anyone keep her under control?
   * Raiden Mei
Not really.
   * Kevin






Tonatiuh
Schicksal Archives
A mysterious creature found underneath the Heliopolis Life Sciences campus. Defeated by Rita Rossweisse. Combat data says that it’s from the Sea of Quanta.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Is it difficult to handle?
   * Bianka “Durandal” Ataegina
Not so much for Master Durandal, but still, some level of skill is required. A proper analogy would be a lobster on the chopping board, easy but can be messy.
   * Rita Rossweisse














Flame-Chaser - Mobius
World Serpent File
In her collapsed form, Dr. Mobius resembles a mythic serpent devouring worlds, both majestic and terrifying. Her growing shadow and dark lightening(lighting) make for a seemingly evil aura…
But in reality, Dr. Mobius is quite cute! She likes small animals, especially obedient little lab rats. She also likes to collect dresses; the princess-pink one is her favorite…
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@Elysia That’s good enough(,) Elysia.
   * Mobius
@Klein Klein, turn off Elysia’s comment priviledges(privileges)
   * Mobius
@Klein Editing permissions as well.
   * Mobius




Flame-Chaser - Kalpas
World Serpent File
Kalpas is a really shy guy. His passion might come out when he’s fighting, but he always struggles to hide his shy nature, always hiding from something. But no need to worry. Though, his ‘hugs’ can be quite… terrifying?
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
I suggest deleting this file. Even if we lose Kalpas’s data, the result of the battle will be all the same.
   * Klein
Don’t say that. When people say they “know Kalpas’s weakness,” they’re really just trying to give themselves confidence. Oh I know, let’s record my battle with him ♪
   * Elysia
Please be quiet.
   * Kalpas






Husk - Nihilus
World Serpent File
An enemy that emerged from the Imaginary Gate activated in Nagazora, 2017. Many mysteries still revolve around its emergence, structure and behavior(behavioral) pattern. Can freeze or even reverse the flow of time affecting itself for a short period. Being intensely researched.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Fancy. @Gray Serpent I want one of those.
   * Jackal
Forget it. It’s not something we humans can meddle with. It’s a higher being created by an alien world.
   * Gray Serpent
Otto Apocalypse[c]
Schicksal Archives
A virtual combatant based on Otto Apocalypse’s skills with Divine Key in combat. Training available now.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
How’d you finish this up so quickly? Doesn’t this usually take a while?
   * Frederica Nikola Tesla
That’s a trade secret, Tesla Senpai!
(Cosmic Juggernaut helped a lot though, hehe)
   * Elizabeth “Nagamitsu” McSmith
There’s only 2 doctor’s comments here?
… Ah, right.
It’s hard to think of gramps as a person.
   * Theresa Apocalypse






False God Otto
Schicksal Archives
A virtual combatant based on combat data of Otto Apocalypse’s connection with the Imaginary Tree. This enemy is very dangerous. Do not exceed “Real” difficulty during training.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Is there a way to turn off the sound during training? It’s a bit of a throwback but… kinda annoying.
   * Bianka “Durnandal” Ataegina






Flame-Chaser Aponia
World Serpent File
Constructed from memories in the Elysian Realm, it’s been revealed as the third of the Thirteen Flame-Chasers.
Extremely dangerous simulation data. Agents should seek proper clearance through written request.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
No need to be so careful, right? Aponia… can be very gentle.
   * Elysia
Current training search history: Owl, one time. Kalpas, fourteen thousand five hundred times.
   * Klein
Hahaha, oh Aponia… nothing will make up for this.
   * Kalpas






Study: Wheatfield with a Harvester
World Serpent File
Griseo called it a work in progress. While the use of color is innovative, this sort of nightmarish theme is too avant-garde for a child.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
It seems I was a bit hasty. After that, she pulled her inspiration from the hearts of others. It was more… radical than her own imaginings.
   * Eden
But… this painting is… just a sketch.
   * Griseo






Study: Girl with a Floppy Hat
World Serpent File
Monsters found in the Elysian realm cannot be analyzed at this time as they’re paintings.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Earplugs are a must when taking her on. Felistore has everything you need with the quality you can trust.
   * Anonymous
And there’s a sale!
   * Pardofelis
Uh… I forgot to make it anonymous. Is it too late to take it back?
   * Pardofelis






Portrait: Lady Mercia
World Serpent File
Due to the Elysian Realm, Griseo’s works can appear in physical form during training.
Avoid Signet of Stars if possible.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
While it might not be considered art, it really is… a masterpiece.
   * Eden
The monster in Kosma’s heart… is a pretty scary guy.
   * Raven
…
   * Kosma












Creeper
AE File
A special type of Honkai Beast capable of absorbing and firing elemental energy in long-range attacks. Its body is malleable, allowing it to change shape when it attacks, defends and moves. Without a nearby threat, it will borrow underground where it moves at high speeds.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The monster seemed familiar to Bronya, as though it were in her game.
   * Bronya Zaychik
I got it! It’s like the boss from HOMU and the Dragon! It only took Rozaliya a week to take it down.
   * Rozaliya Olenyeva
Silly Rozaliya, that’s just a beginning monster.
   * Liliya Olenyeva








Flame Chaser - Vill-V
World Serpent File
Like with any show, there may be a scene where the audience doesn’t like, but it has an impact regardless.
While it’s changed a bit, VIll-V’s fighting style is still striking and effective.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Yeah! The eight of us are a force to be reckoned (with).
   * The Great Magician Vill-V
That’s just how some girls are. No matter what, they like what’s shiny and smooth.
   * Elysia
Uh… Ellie, are you sure bullets count?
   * Pardofelis






























Herrscher of Human, Elysia
World Serpent File
A girl as cute and charming as flowers, I’m sure you’re already familiar with her. Her arrows are just like her love, always so passionate, isn’t that right? Look, she’s all dressed up and ready to invite you to a banquet. Be sure to reciprocate her feelings and give her a fun time, alright?
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
This simulation training will take up a high amount of memory to operate. May cause lags or significantly heat up device.
   * Klein
Elysia, did you add a bunch of ridiculous special effects to your simulation data again?!
   * Mobius
Elysia… is always so flamboyant.
   * Aponia
Haha, this is also one of Ellie’s charms, just let her be.
   * Eden
Wow, the investor has a greater say in this! Then how about my plan to add another 30 Kevin Killers…
   * Vill-V
Rejected.
   * Kevin






Herrscher of Origin, Elysia
World Serpent File
Dreamy starry skies and an elegant girl, what a spectacular combination! She swims in the sea of stars like a fish. As she swims by, a brilliant symphony plays and a fragrant breeze passes by. You can’t wait to meet her, can you? Then enjoy this romantic night together with her ♪
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
It’s my first time seeing this side of Elysia.
   * Sakura
Because she trusts you, she is willing to show her true self… That is Elysia.
   * Su
Little Elysia’s color is very pretty.
   * Griseo
Cool.
   * Kosma
Quick question, don’t you think the wooden plank that writes “pay for a photo together” outside looks a little familiar?
   * Hua
H-H-How can this be, Hua? I’m sure you’re mistaken! Felistore only sells the finest and never deceives!
Where did my door go?
   * Kalpas
Flame-Chaser - Kosma
World Serpent File
After consuming a huge amount of lower Honkai Beasts, Vishnu took a human form and showed the world an appearance that should not ever exist.
Additional info: Unlike the information in this database, the simulation that appeared in the realm did not demonstrate dissatisfaction or hatred, for unknown reasons.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
To be able to gather the unique traits of such complex creatures in one body… What could it be?
   * Jackal
A hero.
   * Raiden Mei
(TN:   well said Mei)




Kevin Kaslana
World Serpent File
The supreme Sire of World Serpent and once leader of the thirteen divine avatars, Only by becoming his most loyal servants can we step into a noble future under his leadership!
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
“@everyone, this is your first lesson, I want you to learn Sire’s greatness by heart!”
   * Jackal
“Even mythologies will kneel before Sire’s might!”
   * Jackal
“@Gray Serpent, turn off the character limit now.”
   * Jackal




Diabolic Kevin
Schicksal Archives
The form Kevin assumes after Active Honkai Reaction. Only MANTISes who have pushed past their limits can command such power. His body is covered with a dark foreign matter, resembling an abyssal demon. The dark nature of its fusion genes have yet to be identified. This simulation target is intended to popularize relevant information and is strictly forbidden from being used in training.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
“MANTIS…? Will I become that tough one day?”
   * Rozaliya Olenyeva
“Roza Idiotka, that’s only possible if you’re with me.”
   * Liliya Olenyeva




MSR-7 Wotan
(TN: This enemy’s archive is locked.)
APHO






[a]Check TL
[b]check TL
[c]check CN